Federico Garcia Lorca.



Yes they shot you in the back

I saw - I was there with you

and after confirming the killing

They buried us both in a mass grave

We just served her another life on the net

in underground sites



Yes, it was on the eve of Yom Kippur

September 2020

in the first weeks after

Making the knitted domes

As the honor of the exchange live

drew the generalissimo to the king of Israel

The crowd cheered and rejoiced

Our eyes followed anxiously

How do the Revolutionary Guards patrol in Tel Aviv?

purifying "Sodom and Gomorrah"

In cobbled squares like in the Bible

Shabbat breakers and other infidels

And in Jerusalem the preparations began

for the construction of the Temple



We knew we were lost

We knew - it was only a matter of time

until we stopped

But there was no point in running away

And there was nowhere to go

"Don't be afraid" she smiled at me with eyes full of compassion

Towards the end before the firing squad

"Look them in the eye"

And so you did

Again and again no gun fired

That's why they shot you in the back



Many years have passed since then

But we still exist

All lived and died for the truth

Don't be afraid! Immortal life to him!



6/7/09



gas!



A warm summer night / a cool wind blowing breaks the Hamsin

SUMMERTIME poured like honey from the radio

Unknown performance / 88 though. If. between eight and ten

gas! He plays from the transistor

Paints the warm nights with saxophone and piano colors

And the broken and rough voice of a singer / love - but what?

New York 1950? / the twentieth century

gas! Swing and blues / black music

The Smoked Cotton Clubs of America

Berlin / Gershwing / Armstrong / Shame

Gates / Lady Dee / B. Me. King / Charlie Parker

Ella Fitzgerald / Julie London / Ellington / Diana Carroll

And more and more / two hours of - jazz! every night

The moon and stars dance / Cigarette smoke curls in the air

And Danny will sleep in his room / Jazz mixes in his dreams

gas! - Who invented you?

gas! – My life will never be the same

Ever since I heard SUMMERTIME.







the rage The rage rises from the stomach and the heart

And the head has already given up its work to the body



The rage rises from the stomach that has eaten

Asher ate spoiled food - wounded pride

Injured pride and helplessness and our helplessness and nothingness are exposed to our own eyes

Like nausea rising up the esophagus



Anger rises from the body

Pride must claim its insult

Something must fall victim to the creature of self-destruction

Something precious and loved

something has to die



The rage rises from the stomach and the heart

And the hands and feet become a destructive tool - an atomic bomb

Something has already been chosen - a scapegoat

And the hands and feet begin their work



The rage broke out and erupted

Kicks and punches, slamming into the wall and throwing in the air

Stepping on the floor as if on the wedding cup in memory of the destruction

Something is blowing his soul

And the rage abuses his body



The rage passed, he passed away - the pride was reconciled and took its revenge on us

Now we turn the corpse into the trash can

With shameful hands and in secret - that no one would know and no one would see

Then we sit in the dark and ponder our loss

In the dark alone feelings of guilt and sorrow rise

Regrets for our actions and our mistake

Alone in the dark we cry for what we have done

Alone in the dark... Alone in the dark...

Alone in the dark we see what we have done to ourselves -

Alone in the dark we realize we've done it again

And the thing we killed was none other than ourselves.







I liked.



She is my love in life

Drink Coca Cola and chain smoke

and idle in front of the computer writing songs



I have a deadly long term love

Parasite for body and mind and society

Blood sugar and tooth loss

Blockage of blood vessels and calcification of arteries

Aitran and tar are carcinogenic to the lungs

Lack of productive function and failure to comply with the simplest tasks

Empty refrigerator and chronic difficulty to finish the month



My love is the flavor of my life

And I will pay the price for her

In my life and in my life

For the rest of my life



My love is all I have in life

And I will pay the price for her

I will pay with reduced interest

I will pay the price in full

I will pay until the end of my life!



1/4/09







Maybe Kurt was right. Looking in the mirror at my naked figure / if ever someone asks

"What would he look like?" / Tell him the truth!

Like a pig! Like human garbage! Like a homeless person!

Fat and bald with rotten teeth

An addict of psychiatric drugs caffeine and nicotine that slowly destroyed him

I have no illusions / I will not achieve heroism

And not to seventy, not to sixty, and maybe not even to fifty

The flesh is already starting to rot and I'm only thirty-something years old

But my soul is already two hundred years old and my soul is already two thousand years old

And both long to leave this fiasco called "this incarnation"

The weariness of the flesh and matter is the hope and the balm and the disaster and the end itself

That one day will come in distraction or with foreknowledge.



At moments like these I ponder - maybe Kurt was right

Maybe it really is better to burn quickly than to fade slowly

Maybe Kurt was right - maybe it's better to shoot yourself in the head at the age of 27

After you have already fulfilled all your dreams

than dying from a catheter infection in some urinating institution at the age of 93

While you expect and pray and wait and wish and cry and beg for the coming of the Messiah.







I can imagine a future.



I can imagine a future

In it I am a deaf blind and half mute old man

Sixty seventy eighty like that

With lots of diseases and chronic medications

Half or full nursing

With an attached Filipino therapist

or in an institution

on a wheelchair

And all I have left of life

These are memories that are of no interest to anyone

And the dreams at night



I can imagine a future

Sixty seventy eighty like that

In it I have a collection of 500 CDs of music

that I have collected all my life

But the ears hardly hear

of spectacles with an astronomical number

and eyes with cataracts

and diabetes that blocks the capillaries in the retina

Sixty seventy eighty like that

of half a body paralyzed by a stroke

Because of smoking cholesterol and blood pressure

and a wheelchair and pressure sores

Sixty seventy eighty like that

with Parkinson's tremor and early Alzheimer's



I can imagine a future

forty fifty like that

With a tumor that has spread and metastasized

Or a heart attack just happened in the middle of life



I can imagine such a future.







four in the afternoon four in the afternoon

Danny took the pills

And there are IDF waves on the radio

And he walks back and forth slowly

Sing in your heart with the songs and pray

Makes a cup of tea leisurely

And the old songs

He is reminded of his life



four in the afternoon

in summer and winter

in spring and autumn

The old songs accompany him

On the way to sleep

on the way to repentance

They comfort him on his way



four in the afternoon

It's been good years

Bad years will pass

four in the afternoon

the time of mercy

consolation time.







in the middle of the night.



In the middle of a hot summer night

Dreams end and I wake up

Dripping sweat or a full blister

Turns on the light

Just like that in the middle of the night

Changing a shirt or going to the bathroom

And when I come back the sleep is already over and the dreams are forgotten



In the middle of a hot summer night

Sitting in a dining room with a cigarette and a cup of tea

above a pale crescent

Hear the sound of music in the transistor

To the tune of Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata".

I feel my loneliness



The house is empty and quiet

I turn on the computer

and discovers that there is nothing new under the net

Opens the word processor - but in vain

The muse refuses to come now

Bayoshi opens the poetry books

between three and four in the morning

How many times can you discover the same song?



Quiet and calm music in Gilgal

Hear "Hallelujah" performed by Jeff Buckley

And the sky turns pale

I have another cup of tea with a cigarette

and trying to remember my dreams - but in vain

Trying to stand up for the meaning of life - but in vain



A cool wind is already blowing outside

When Ayelet Hashar appears in all her glory

The birds sing ecstatically in honor of the newly born day

And I begin to feel the growing light

the lack of sleep hours

with heavy and tired eyes like a vampire

I withdraw before the morning and the new day

and slowly entered my bed

And he will sleep a dreamless and devastated sleep until noon



So once two or three times a week

The dreams are over and the sleep is over for her

Suddenly in the middle of the night.





Babylon 1938.



Winter depression in summer

last summer before

Eat and drink because next summer

will be the last on earth



The American Stock Exchange

It is an accurate biometric watch

A deep sinkhole is about to crash into an extremely high mountain

A falling empire and Babylon as a concoction. Babylon is rotten to the core

Its foundations are made of dried feces

And the blood of the victims makes them necrotic

They herald the coming of the disaster of Sodom and Gomorrah

They herald the Holocaust



Koresh ben Peres

The evil son of Haman

Arm yourself with a bomb already

Yomach like a Shiite suicide

On his way to the big brothel in the sky



Jesus on the cross

Waiting for Armageddon in the Bible Belt

To save his believers in John's vision

He never had mercy on the infidels

Because in hell there is always a shortage of fuel

To warm the cool kingdom of heaven

After all, how many times can you burn a person?

And stingy Mohammed wants five hundred dollars a barrel



There are few righteous people

Too few on earth

Even the followers of world nations are a drop in the ocean

"Hear Israel" cried out to our God - the God of Jacob

But our God will heal

Because in the silence of the murdered, his terrible name will be increased and sanctified

And we will be added to the waiting list

to the resurrection of the dead

of the god of petty accounts



And dad as usual every Friday

Prepares the Shabbat meal for me and my mother

Zech chicken soup

and chicken thighs with kohlrabi or beets

Thinly sliced ​​potatoes and salad

Like in Poland of 1938

And I ask him

"Why don't we get out of here?"

And he answers

"There is nowhere to run, my son, everywhere is the same"

And my mother is silent

And in my heart I already know the real answer

too late to run away

No one will escape his soul from his hell

4/3/09.







food greeting.



I don't want to win the trial

I don't want to live in an apartment alone

At the expense of my aging parents

I don't want her kindness and favors

The good compulsion of the big whore



I will continue to live my dog ​​years

I will continue to survive in my kennel

with the other rabies patients

I will live the disgrace that was destined for me

The State of Israel and God

I will drink my urine

I eat my poop

And bless the food blessing



And inside Atil's heart is a curse from Marat

Everything!





Longing for last year. Sad and old pop songs

Reminds me of last year

Here I am being released from hospital

Here I am opening a new page - a new chapter in life

And the sky is the limit



Sad and old pop songs

Reminds me of Japanese anime

of the 80s

A paradise of unlimited possibilities

You can be a boy and be beautiful like a girl

You can be a girl and be more beautiful than a girl

Japanese pop youth

And we knew nothing

On the land of the rising sun

about the yakuza

On the Um Shinkaro cult

about the endless studies

about the sick planning

Where will you be and what will you do?

From the cradle to the grave

on death from overwork

About Hiroshima and Nagasaki

About Pearl Harbor

We knew nothing

About the Harakiri rituals



Sad and old pop songs

Longing for last year.



did you get to love



"...in India, a young man cut off his penis after his family forbade him to marry his chosen one from a low class. The young man was rushed to the hospital but the doctors were unable to reattach the organ..."

(Voice of Israel flash 3 at night)



And after everything

When you look back on your whole life on this world

You will be asked the question that will look you directly in the eye

"Did you get to love?"

And among all the porn sites and among all the blue films

And between all the fears of connection and changes and all the games of pride and honor

and the excuses of illness or such and such fateful circumstances

You will be asked the question that will look you directly in the eye

"Did you know what love is?"

And the answer will be as elusive as love itself

Different types of love you know

But did you get to love?

And they will come back and remind you that

After all, you were born to love...

This life was given to you to love...



Love is as rare for her as the moments of happiness

And the answer will be a stutter as you have been all your life

And thus with a stammer your judgment will be pronounced.



5/31/2009











Homecoming.



1. In the desert (my home is in the next world)



what am I doing here?

In this wasteland? In this desert?

without a home in the world

rolling from frame to frame

Live with the illiterate and the wretched of mankind

Sharing my life with the oppressed on earth

Writes poetry from the rooms of the Ariri - the white hybrid

which no one will read

what am I doing here?

I live from day to day - waiting for nothing

And yesterday is like tomorrow

Only my body is rotting day by day

He is crumbling

what am I doing here?

Those are the lives I killed then?

At the age of 16 in high school?

What am I doing here in this desert?

If there is a comfort and a curse, then it is one

As Danny the wise said

"This is not my home! – My home is in the next world!"

And this is the entire Torah

To bear the suffering of the wilderness.



2. The homecoming.



Oh! A disobedient son and a teacher

The years have passed

And here you finally saw the light

You are back to the beneficiary

You have opened a new page

And now there is new hope not far away

Here you go at last

A temple in which you buried yourself

When you thought you weren't worthy of life and love

Here you will finally go out and come back

Go again to your country to your homeland to the house of your father and mother

and live life

No more institutions and frameworks

Return to your home, son, return to the beneficiary



Oh! Disobedient son and teacher, you have found the right path

Do you see the love that does not depend on anything

You finally love your family!



6/27/09





A day like never before. I got up early before dawn

on a rainy and wintry night

After a healthy sleep and Shekinah dreams

And even you got up early

And no one was home but us

We greeted each other good morning

And together we made a miracle of coffee for me and tea for you

I was sitting in the dining room smoking

And you went back and forth

Together we looked out the window

In the rain you fell and in Ayelet Hashar

It was such a dreamy and good morning

An almost perfect morning that never was

We talked to each other

We laughed a little about Ha and Da

We brought back good memories and sad memories

No one bothered us that day

And we talked about life and God

I brought the radio from the room

And together we heard old old songs

Thus the morning rose in all its glory

And we both looked at the wet world outside

It was a free day

Carefree and debt free

And we both owed nothing

It was a perfect rainy winter day

It was a day like never before

Such days are so rare

Until they actually don't exist



And I was just happy to have someone to talk to

And I was just happy that there was someone who would listen to me

On a day like never before.



Equipment.



I sold my soul - I sold it a long time ago

In exchange for a lentil soup

And how delicious was this lentil soup

What has troubled my soul ever since

To this red red



I sold my soul - I sold it a long time ago

For nothing - free messages

Therefore I have no part in the next world

After I die I will be a ghost

You will walk and wander on cold nights

in the streets and gardens

Desperately searching for redemption

And there will be no redemption



Because I gave my soul - I gave it for free

In exchange for a lentil soup

And I will have no part in the next world.















Network poet. I am a network poet

I have no copyrights and no rewards

I don't have a writer's fee

And I have no recognition or 15 minutes of fame

I have a computer and an internet connection

And I'm running to post my songs online

Like someone running to tell the guys

My truth is swallowed up in the noise of the global cacophony

Somewhere between a YouTube video of the United States national anthem

uttered by puffing sounds

and gambling and porn sites

And Viagra pill banners

My truth is swallowed up in the graphomania of humanity

My recognition is the number of Google search results

To the collections of my songs or to my name or to one of my many nicknames



I am a network poet

I have no copyrights or royalties

I don't get paid writers recognition or 15 minutes of fame

I will forever remain anonymous

I write my truth and set it free

And no one ever knew whose hand it was that wrote it.



Farewell song from blog T. V. (To Ido and Shiraz and in memory of Julie - my Shiraz)



It's strange now to think about you / lost to me forever somewhere in infinity

When the morning light hits my eyes and my mind aches / My burnt lungs are full of tar and tar

In the ashtrays full of buckets and ashes and the coffee cups and the empty cola bottles

Remnants of another desperate white night in my search for you / your traces

Julie - the one and only Julie / where are you love? where are you my love

Reliving in my mind the moment I fell in love with you, virtual love and real

When I saw your face for the first time on the webcam / your eyes, your smile and your hair

And the chemistry of blog chat room correspondence

"What's a good girl like you doing in a place like this?" - The Law of Immortality

Finding an angel in Sodom in hell / flirting and laughing - such a lost innocence that I miss

You reminded me of what I lost / You reminded me of what falling in love is

What is falling in love? If not the hardest addictive drug

And since then I'm an addict trapped and lost / in the web - the spider's web... Every night since then I dive into the world of shells / desperately looking for you

You gave me details about yourself but I don't care if they are real or not

Among all the tormented souls of this dark shell world

In the face of all the hatred and despair of suffering and evil

Thousands of lost souls are desperately searching for the sparks that are woven inside the shells

Looking for Lilit the Queen of the Underworld / looking for sex stotz submissions respect rating laughs

Looking for a victim to abuse in order to restore their small and damaged ego

Among all these - among all these perverts I dive after you and look for love

Love? in a place like this? In such a place?

Women and girls without an iota of decency and self-respect

And boys and men bathed in lewdness and evil

Nicknames and nicknames are nauseating

Text messages with spelling errors from typing too fast on the keyboard

Or just laziness or ignorance or dyslexia

Respect games and verbal abuses and mutual insults

shots from rooms by the managers and patrolling blog cops

When I manage to find you in some blog or chat room

In the wee hours of the night / I am again filled with happiness

And the heart starts beating hard and the adrenaline flows in the blood

My palms are sweating when I write sentences and send you a private message

Desperately trying to get you to agree to exchange messenger addresses

But you laugh and elegantly evade my courtship attempts

Makes me wonder, maybe you're younger than you really are?

Maybe you don't understand? Maybe you just like playing with my heart?

Maybe you have someone? And maybe you like torturing your suitors to death?

Then after a few moments of happiness you disappear again without explanation and without explaining

I save the chat transcript of the room and in moments of desperation go back to look at it

I already remember by heart dozens of conversations we had

I have already known dozens of heavily addicted surfers here in the shell world

I already knew all the possible types

Knows what everyone is looking for and what they want

There are no friends here and there is no shoulder to cry on

This is hell on earth - the worst place to look for love

And it's been three months without a trace of you

You disappear as if the earth swallowed you

And every night I get weaker and weaker and more desperate

And this morning I already understand that I have to give up and forget you

Otherwise I will die or go crazy

It's strange now to think of you as lost somewhere in infinity

Breathing the same air I breathe

And you walk under the same sun and the same cool morning light Live your life without me as I will live my whole life without you

I will never love again. Never.



broken song



Beyond hybrid bars

Between torture and torture

I hear the echo of a broken and old song

by Tanita Tikaram

about unrequited love



I'm losing my teeth

I'm losing my hair

I'm losing my life

Between torture and torture

The echo of the broken and simple song

echoing within the walls of a hybrid

and arouse me

the longing for the lost paradise.



The saddest ending in Tel Aviv



In the lowest place in Tel Aviv

Doing drugs and sex in the bathroom

In the glittering clubs and the escort institutes



In the lowest place in Tel Aviv

People are deleted, burned and finished

Alcohol, chemicals and knives



In the lowest place in Tel Aviv

A whole generation beats thrash

and falls into a bottomless pit



Tel Aviv is a drug addict street prostitute

Her best days are behind her

And she likes to take comfort in her memories

How did you come to the big city?

A beautiful innocent and virginal young woman

and hungry to succeed

But now all we have left for her

It is the saddest end in Tel Aviv.



9/25/09



rehabilitation institution



They will teach you to cook and clean

They will make you work hard

They will yell at you

They will have a million rules and regulations

You will be supervised twenty-four hours

Turn off lights and wake up

like in a hospital

They will tell you what to do every moment of the day

You will work for free

You will be taken advantage of there of that you can be sure

You will be the slave and slave

You will have to deal with all kinds of types

and call maniacs friends

You'll be stuck with them for years and years

Until you learn to enjoy and love shit

and call the place home

You will pass like in the army

First trainees and then Zubor

And finally summer camp

You will learn to be a road worker

Poor manual laborer

They will prepare you to live in poverty

and settle for little

Say goodbye to dreams

You will stay there because you will have no choice

And then when you get to the end of the track

They will say you are a "success story"

They will say that "you have successfully recovered"

And they will throw you to your rebellious fate

They will never teach you to love

They won't let you have a partner

You will leave and you will always be missed

to "community" and "guys"

Forget you had a bad time there

And remember only the good

And for the rest of your life you will rot slowly

fade away slowly

From a rented apartment to sheltered housing and then to a hostel

And of course there will be more hospitalizations

Your suffering is not over yet



11/8/09



A broken truth. If I didn't love you

If I didn't know

If I hadn't been hiding from myself

I would see the broken truth

Already then

I would see you and the face of things

As they really are - and then

with an angelic smile on my lips

And in single, precisely measured sentences

in perfect sentences

I would tear it apart

You and your beautiful lies.



2/8/09









A phone call from the first hospitalization



The telechart is almost empty of conversations

And with a trembling hand they dial the number

Someone answers - someone who once loved them

And they cry and cry and beg for their lives

"I feel bad here"

"take me home"

"Why did you put me in here?"

"I want home!"

"I want to mommy!"

"what am I doing here?"

And all of me, all of me, all of me

A soul bleeding from the heart cries

Until the one who once loved them

Father or maybe mother or maybe grandmother

A brother or maybe a sister or a relative of one kind or another

He gets tired of the whining and slaps them

the phone

in.



8/16/09



Pirate love song



Pirate love song

I downloaded it from the email software

And now he's playing the piano for me

And now it is burned forever on a disc



Software I downloaded legally - 30 day trial kit

I hacked with a fictitious, pirated product key that I obtained

And now a cat and mouse game with the software company

She discovers the scam and blocks it

And I go back and remove the block with another pirated product key

Like this over and over endlessly



One day it will all be over

One day the pirates and file sharers and software crackers and hackers will lose

And I eat it until the end



One day I will be sued in court

for copyright infringement

And I will have to pay three thousand dollars in damages for the pirated love song I downloaded

and twenty thousand dollars in damages to the software company for the illegal use

And maybe even probation or actual imprisonment

so that they can be seen and be seen



But I could not resist the temptation

I loved the song - I had to get it - I can't live without music

I needed the software - so that it would optimize and maintain the operating system that had become slow and disorganized

And I had no money to pay for either this or that

I don't have any extra money and I don't have an international credit card that pays in dollars



A pirated love song plays on the player

And hacked software maintains the computer

And meanwhile I'm enjoying now and worrying about tomorrow

And knows that in fact this is all robbery and that I am a thief

And the Sages already said - "The end of a thief to be hanged." 7/9/09



About the "what" and the "how".



In life as in writing

There is a "what" and there is a "how"

Both are equally important

who has any "what"

will already find the "how"

and who knows "how"

He will eventually have some "what"

"what" without "how" or "how" without "what"

will eventually lead to nothing

You need both in life and in writing

And both need to be worthy and good

One of them must not be bad or corrupt

Otherwise they will lead to a hellish tragedy

Writing is easier to practice and check

In writing it is allowed to try and make mistakes

But in life in life itself

The "what" and "how" become cardinal

for more dangerous ones

in the best case scenario -

Life came out as a beautiful work of fun and exciting value

Which may even be regretted in the immortal memory of history

and in the worst case -

Life will become salty, shallow and shallow like the Dead Sea

Ugly as graffiti on the walls

and end up being sent to the dustbin of history.



7/27/09



The cigarettes of old.



Cigarettes used to have a different taste / in the Jerusalem boarding school of the late nineties

When Winston was in a soft box

And the Marlboro Lights would have cost ten new shekels.

On the boxes was printed a modest warning "The Ministry of Health states - smoking is harmful to health"

And you could choose a cigarette for you according to the levels of nicotine and flavoring.



Winston Lights was the cigarette of the instructors

Parliament was the cigarette of the Malaccas and the Chusas.

And if you smoked Nobles, it's a sign that you're really not in good shape.

Time was the popular smoking.

Kamel had pulmonary suicide.

And Lucky Strike was the most American there is.

Nelson and Sheraton were pure nostalgia from the grocery store next door.

And I remember my first Europe and then -

Long Golf Lights (0.6 mg nicotine and 7 mg etaner)

It took me a year and a bit before I switched to foreign produce.



Cigarettes of old had a different taste / here is a typical example

Myself and I breeze in the morning / get on line 18 towards Emek Rafaim

and sit all morning in the "Olam Ketan" bookstore

And Itai has a conversation about Osho meditation and Kabbalah with the shop owner over a bowl of cherries

 And we all sit drinking tea and smoking. Cigarettes of old had a different taste / Here is a typical scene

I and I are sitting in his and Rotem's bedroom / when the rays of the setting sun penetrate from the vestibule

Smoking and listening loudly to "NO WOMAN, NO CRY" by Bob Marley

And the music mixes in the clouds of smoke

And suddenly I understand the song for the first time

And the music and the words connect with me forever.



Cigarettes of old had a different taste / Here is a typical memory

I am Aviv Yifat and Shay / we go out to hang out with permission until 1 am

After midnight in the city center you quickly look for an open place to eat before returning

In the American diner of "FAT DANNI'S" near the underground

We order a hamburger with potatoes each

Talking laughing and happy without worries

And cigarettes with Coca-Cola taste more.



Cigarettes used to have a different taste / and I've been smoking for almost ten years

I smoke a lot and too much / Today's cigarettes have an aftertaste

And I want to go back to being young and stupid like I used to be

When cigarettes had a different taste. Platonic curiosity towards lost youth (prose poem)



Here I go out to get some fresh air / withdraw money and buy food and drinks / in the neighborhood shopping center / I go out with the player to the street and walk / and around me also walk the high school students returning home from a long day of school / I look at them and feel the twinge of jealousy in my heart / I walk and suddenly notice - someone I follow / After a few moments I look back and see a young high school student / A beautiful healthy young woman / I continue to walk with calm steps and so does she / Today is an overcast day with late October clouds / I slow my walk and let her go ahead of me / She wears white jeans and sports shoes / a long light blue shirt is tied around her waist (she probably thought it would be cold in the morning) / and the short uniform shirt on her body / she wears glasses / she is short (maybe 11?) her long and abundant dark-blonde hair is messy and uncombed / on her back Blue-gray satchel / She walks with confident and quick steps / We both walk towards the neighborhood shopping center / I suddenly suddenly want to accompany her to her house with my gaze / I am intrigued by where she came from and where she is going back / She walks away with her quick steps / Crosses the road in front of me / And when I cross the road My eyes also catch her entering the entrance of the residential building the tall one in front of the neighborhood shopping center / in front of the supermarket / before she is finally swallowed inside the building / she checks the mailbox / and I wonder if I was wrong and she is not a high school student but a young woman after high school. /



She disappears for good / I go to withdraw money from the ATM / and buy two triangles and a bottle of Coke Zero at the pizzeria / then sit on a bench in front of her house for a few minutes and smoke a cigarette with the Coke / and there I play the song "I see her on the way to the gymnasium" by Eric Einstein / I drink the The voice and the air is cool and the light is dim / The shopping center is full of people and children / I sit completely alone as always and think / How nice it would be if we could meet and talk / Such a platonic friendship / Get some attention from her / Get to know her world which must be fascinating / How nice it would be if We would both sit on the bench now and drink coke together and talk and maybe laugh / and remember that despite the superficial impression she seemed like a person with a good heart / she probably has a good heart and a little innocence but not too much / I look at her apartment building / and smile inside at how similar her youth is to these that were mine / I also lived in an apartment building not far from a neighborhood shopping center and shops / and not far from the gymnasium where I studied / I have nothing but platonic curiosity towards her for lost youth / long lost to me and who will be lost for her when she enlists in the army / besides that I can be her uncle / and since that we are foreign people and there is no in Teres between us / I can only continue to dream and imagine that there will be some kind of connection between us / some kind of talk / Now it's too late / Now it will always be too late / They might even say that I'm bothering her / Even for her in 15 years it will be too late / But She is healthy without a doubt / and will remain healthy for the rest of her life / she will not have to miss she will not have to want to return / she will always live in the present without regrets / another 15 years married or divorced with children / she is healthy and normal and normative and her life path will be as straight as a ruler / never You will know or take psychiatric drugs / You will never know what a psychiatrist or psychologist is / You will never end up in a psychiatric hospital / All this will sound like science fiction to her / You will probably only hear about "crazy" in the news or in movies with psychopathic killers / What should I want to talk to someone like this? /



I return home to housing and write the poem / It's not yet five outside but the sun has set and it's dark / Winter is approaching / Before I erase her from my memory for good / I imagine her in her room after a light lunch / Preparing her lessons / or surfs the Internet on the same websites for teenagers / talking on her cell phone with her friends and gossiping / and maybe in the evening arranges with a friend to go out to the mall or see a movie / and finally at the end of the night she prepares for the next day at the gymnasium / and wishes that tomorrow is Thursday followed by Friday and then finally Saturday And there are no studies / then you can get up late and do everything slowly and without pressure / and this is how you will spend your years until graduation and enlistment or the service / and then? God is great / I erase her for good now / She never existed / I forget her and what she represents to me / I forget and erase from my memory that I ever saw her / I erase - - - - - / I erase / -ni erase / -y erase / --- deletes / --- - deletes / --- -- deletes / --- ---k / --- ---- to the HDM!!!.







I was loved



In the dewy days of childhood

Before the era of hate

During Shabbat walks in orchards and gardens

Near Home

I would be loved

I would be drawn to the love that knows no bounds

Embraced by my family

And I didn't know how lucky I was



In the days of childhood paradise

Before the age of the sick

I would find my peace

In my sick days on the living room sofa

And my grandmother would heal me with her care

I would be gathered into the peace which has no limit

With the innocent TV shows

of educational television



In the early days of childhood

before the ages of suffering

I was living in my protected and innocent world

And I would be gathered to the happiness that has no limit

On the wings of my imagination

Thank God and bless this gift of life

I have indeed been loved in my life

I was loved by God. 18/10/09



Spring



At my worst moments

While hospitalized in some crappy ward

Or while waiting at the dental clinic before losing my teeth

In white nights when I'm lonely and alone with my pain

I listen to the old and sad songs on the player

Then you are with me in spirit and heart

You will remain in my memory as you were then

A beautiful and forever loving young man

And only I'm getting older

is crumbling and hallucinating you

Like a frightened child the illusion of a loving and supportive calming hand

And I know you moved on and gave up

But in moments like this I forgive you

And I only blame myself

And the longings and longings are only silent testimony

How strong was the love for you

And how much I miss you now

You who always knew how to say the right words

and the soothing into my heart and soul

Everything is rotting around me and even myself

But you will remain forever like your name - like the spring. 26/10/09



Technical Support



When you ask for help and mental relief / following a crisis or problem / that leaves you insecure and in a panic / you actually develop a dependency on the people from whom you ask for help and mental support / and this is definitely not a healthy situation / and instead of helping you they only worsen your mental state / first it will do them good - because an iron law is that when you cry, the world always laughs first / your plight and your request for support from them will do them good for their soul and inflate their wretched little egos / for a moment or two they will even feel superior to you and show it off to you / for a while they will try to help you - support - understand - To be a listening ear - to encourage and all / However, when the hardships do not pass quickly and you develop dependence on them and their support, they begin to lose their patience / Little by little they will begin to see you as a whining rag with no backbone / And they will begin to despise you and belittle you / They will begin to preach morals to you and make you feel guilty in order to to destroy you even more from the inside / towards the end they will start raising their voices and yelling at you / they will start getting angry at you and even cursing you and speaking badly to you / suddenly they will have less and less time for you / until they decide that you are zero from zero and cut off contact with you altogether / and leave you completely destroyed / they will be abandoned and abandoned a And when you are most in need / it is better for you to know in advance that you are alone and lonely and no one owes you anything ever / and not to ask for help from someone who does not deserve it /



They will give their way and themselves as an example of perfection / and make you feel guilty because you don't do and live like them / they will want to turn you into plasticine with their rough hands / no matter how much they listen to your fears and your troubles, they will never understand you, they will only pretend to understand / it is better for you to decide to be a lone wolf Take your life and your destiny in your own hands / and face the fear alone and overcome it alone / because no one will support you throughout life / live your life as you wish and don't expect help from others at all / their help is a broken reed their help is an empty shell / no one really cares about you / once you understand Because you are alone in this world, the door will open for you to powers you didn't know were in you / then you will be able to face almost everything alone / then you will also take responsibility for your actions and live without unnecessary regrets or feelings of guilt / then you will stop wanting to run away from the results of your actions and you will welcome them with acceptance and peace / great peace will descend On you then / man Nothing will be able to overcome you / nothing will break you / be immune to fear and terror / say goodbye to panics and anxieties / you will learn to swim in suffering until you love it / and you will not need help and relief from those who do not care about you.



26/10/09



A report of total singing and breaking



1. David Avidan (fictional psycho-social-bourgeois post-mortem opinion)



Orphaned by his father in infancy / Severely asthmatic / Has a megalomaniacal-infantile-egotistical personality with a tendency to consume drugs (LSD, tranquilizers and sleeping pills) / Masochistic and pursues women / Avant-garde materialistic, scientific, anti-religious worldview under the influence of communist education / A liquid and precarious financial situation which is getting worse as the years go by / occupation: total poet, songwriter, literary editor, film director, avant-garde creator and poetic genius / published about thirty books mainly of poetry / social status: lone wolf (explanation: a hard man, not friendly , you can even say a person's shit, few friends and even less friends) Hobbies: music, cinema, karate, nightlife, sex / Phobias: old age and death (see his poem "Sudden Evening") / Lives between anxiety and anxiety between asthma attack and attack Asthma / Writing style: ultra-creative but with a tendency to graphomania / Cause of death: acute social isolation, extremely bad financial situation (deep in debt) extremely bad health (disability and multiple chronic diseases of old age, drug and drug addiction) / status in Hebrew poetry before death : in the 1950s and 1960s recognition and status of elevation in the 1970s and 1980s a decline in its status in the 1990s Forgotten / postmortem status: discovery and renewed interest in his work, considered one of the greatest Hebrew poets.



2. Yona Wallach (fictional psycho-social-bourgeois post-mortem opinion)



Orphaned by her father who fell in the war of liberation / Lived with her mother on the street named after her father all her life / At the age of 20 she was voluntarily admitted to a mental institution where she underwent psychoanalytical treatments that included the administration of the drug Al. ace. enough. / Main occupation in life: total poet / wrote poetry in the years 1963-1985 / has a borderline narcissistic personality with hysterical traits and a tendency to mania-depression combined with nymphomania (a thousand lovers during her life according to the rumors) / worldview: mystical-shamanistic-creative / writing style: innovative And nuns with a propensity for provocations (see the poem "Tefillin") / Social situation: strange chicken (explanation: lives with mother, many suitors and lovers, strange and non-normative lifestyle and behavior, stigma of being disturbed and having a psychiatric past) / Cause of death: untreated cancer / Status in Hebrew poetry: a trailblazer and one of the greatest Hebrew poets.



3. Conclusions –



Take the singing to hell! / Give a peaceful and happy healthy life! / What good will all the glory in the world after death do in the moments of death and dying? / In moments of suffering and crisis? / is nothing! Gornish! Nada! / So why the hell dedicate your life to this? / Unless you are already half crazy - half cursed / Then there is no choice left / Either you write something / Or you are forgotten and you languish in the abyss of womanhood / Total poetry is the creation of immortality driven by the constant lack of happiness / That provides a different point of view from the normative conformity of the silent herd / Total poetry is for those who have nothing left to lose. Legal paranoia



They will come in an ambulance

Who knows, maybe they are already making their way

And inside two or three gorillas

A knock on the door suddenly

And let's go - traveling in one direction

For forced hospitalization in a closed ward

tying shots punches

Because the neighbors complained

Because the family was worried

Because the professionals didn't want to take a risk

Lots of good intentions

And you were the last to know

Like a birthday surprise



Legal paranoia is logical and possible

The anxiety is justified

So what's the wonder you live on tranquilizers?



10/17/09





Hubris



He strives for immortality

He strives for absolute freedom and happiness

He wants to leave his mark in his songs

He wants to be remembered and loved forever

But he is only mortal and has a disease

His flesh is rotting, his body is old, his teeth are crumbling

He is afraid of the hidalon and the medicine and the doctors

It is difficult for him to do the simplest things

It is difficult for him to maintain reasonable hygiene (eczema)

It is difficult for him to maintain a healthy routine

It is difficult for him to brush and take care of his teeth (endless dental treatments)

It is difficult for him to function on a daily basis and take care of his needs

His sanity is also sometimes questioned

Isn't hubris more ridiculous?

Strive to win while failing at the simplest things

Strive for immortality while failing at the smallest things

A little modesty! A little humility!

You are only human and transitory!



the jealousy



"The world belongs to the young"



The first of September has come and gone

And here I see them again on their way to or from the gymnasium

in their backpacks and uniforms

In groups, groups of pairs or singles

They go happy and laughing

Young and full of potential - princes and princesses of life

They have not yet tasted the taste of unrequited love

And failure for them is a low score on the test

Missing does not yet exist in their world - they live in the moment

The world kneels before them and life winks at them

They live in the present without a past and tomorrow belongs to them without a doubt



Jealousy and longing and jealousy arise in me at the sight of them

I too was once like them - young and stupid

If only I could go back but with the mind I have today

Silly illusions



They will not listen to the experience of bitter life

For them I'm just a loser

They won't listen to anyone - they don't care about the elders

They want to live their lives according to their own way and will - not someone else's

But time is the great avenger

They will blossom and wither and become what they hate so much - old men by themselves

For the old people who sit in the public garden at lunchtime

And they look with envy and disgust at the next generation - which is coming to replace them

which one day will bury them.



9/9/09



chess!



DEEPER BLUE ground Kasparov

Play it in terabyte statistics

in kilobyte algorithms

And the human mind forgot what it wanted to say

At the moment of death

Computers never forget

As long as the DATA is not deleted

As long as the hardware and software are maintained

and at the end of the systems

There was no one to shake hands with

There was no one to lose in respect

and offer a glass of drink at the expense of the loser

Bobby Fischer was already destroyed from the inside

Like "The Wonders of Reason" only without the Nobel Prize at the end

He is Bobby Fischer - the greatest chess player ever

In his old age he called the game "mental masturbation"

Like the jazz player who lost the competition

then uttered "fuck jazz too"



I would go through the chess section of the newspaper

Cuts collection restores games

But it all ended when the human spirit was broken

Today there is no longer a chess section in Shabbat extras

Just endless crossword puzzles and Sudokus



Michael Jackson lived as he died.



Michael Jackson lived as he died

as he wanted

Michael Jackson was a free man

A one man talent empire

He knew how to sing and he knew how to dance

and knew how to release albums and music videos

who won the hearts of millions of his fans

He lived and did what he wanted when he wanted how he wanted

He bought his freedom with his money

Yes he mutilated his body and face

Yes, he did a lot of stupid things

He didn't screw anyone up

But he was allowed

Because he was the one and only Michael Jackson

in the world of adults

He insisted on remaining a child

He was lonely and alone

But that was the price of remaining an eternal Peter Pan

He sought to be loved and found this love in the hearts of children

He was mocked and slandered and blamed

But he took his truth with him to the grave

His money always saved and protected him

from the fate of the common people

His money got him all his wishes



Michael Jackson lived as he died

as he wanted

Michael Jackson lived and died a free man

In my humble opinion.



10/8/09

Happiness. The happiness of a little boy

Satan has not yet corrupted

hug kiss and caress

from mother

And the paradise she calls by name

and tells him she loves him



The happiness of a little boy

Pure and true forever

The light and pride in his father's eyes

the onlooker

His hand was firm

supporting her tiny paw



The happiness of a little boy

costs nothing

discover for the first time

the magic of the world

start from the beginning

surrounded by love

wrapped in compassion

And to know nothing

On the far end and bitter.



Rachel.



Song of eternity on the language of Kinneret

Cereals and field work - grace of her youth

Exile by a cruel fate and the bitter end - the death

There is no end to the sadness in her eyes



The thread of her life is getting cut off and she knows it

Courage to heal sadness and longing

She promotes the face of the hidalon

And her poetry becomes helplessness

For bravery that only a few knew



Simple, candid poetry says it all

carved from her heart by the tears in her eyes

Unlike our sophisticated and gendered poetry

In peacock feathers and Abel's tricks



Poetry is the endings of the heart

To the past that died to the future that died

When it was sealed with the seal of Mr. Man's destiny

Then his heart will begin to sing



If only a man could sacrifice his poetry

And in return to sweeten his fate

live his heart's desires

to return what was lost

Sacrifice was willing

And the eternal song was silence.



tefillin.



I had / and don't have tefillin

A large tallit with a kippa and arrangement

I had everything I needed

to feel holy / to feel righteous

to feel Jewish / clean new

daily worship



I had / and don't have tefillin

put every day on a weekday

according to the custom of the Spaniards

"And I inherited you"

as a consecration ring

Between my soul and God



With time as much as I was careful

And I imagined myself a saint

I deceived myself with impurity

And there was no bigger lie

When I lied to myself

until an evil spirit came

and ate the Tefillin

The tallit and the arrangement

until there is nothing left



I had / and don't have tefillin

I had tefillin / and will never have any more



I was left with a kippah and a book of psalms

to cry and pray for heaven's mercy

"I called you from the depths"

until my voice fell silent

And I will not continue reading in vain.



my old friends



1.



Sitting in my room listening to music / on the old radio tape

In the sunny window in the afternoon / moving lazily

Lying on the bed in a bag

my old friends



2. gift



Shay loved Nick Cave and Leonard Cohen

Shay loved melancholy and jazz

Shay played the piano / Shay knew how to draw

Shay raised snakes and spiders / Shay made tattoos

Shai liked to walk barefoot in the summer like in the kibbutz

Shay loved nature and working in the garden



At sunset in the boarding school / there was a bossa nova album on

and takes to the lungs "Captain Black"



There was a time when you asked / to be close friends / and I was afraid

Take care wherever you are

The loss was all mine.



3. Ifat



Yifat loved the witches and Inbal Perlmutter

Yifat always wore black / black curly hair / an earring on her back and a beautiful face

Yifat hated being photographed / Yifat knew a lot about medicine and medicines

Yifat didn't speak much / but when she laughed the world smiled



At sunset in the boarding school / Yifat was smoking Nobles in the kitchen

and catches a soulful conversation with the instructor



There was a time when I asked / that we be more than friends / but you couldn't

Take care of yourself beautiful / wherever you are / I should have known better than that.



4. Spring



Aviv loved Madonna and Robbie Williams / Aviv loved American pop and rock

Aviv loved spirituality and books / Aviv loved to smoke "Lucky Strike"

Aviv was a whole world / Aviv was the best roommate

Aviv did not like being told what to do

Aviv did not like having limits set for him



At sunset at the boarding school / Aviv borrowed a camera

And went out to commemorate the beauty of the moment / when he remembered his love in the sky



There was a time when you asked / to try and help me / but I replied that it was not your job

Take care spring / wherever you are



5.



Sitting in the room and writing the song / and the radio tape plays softly

In the window, the sunset will start shortly

I have a tear in my eyes and a smile on my lips and a prayer to God in my heart



One day to come back and meet.

genius.



Everyone called him a genius

How mud and straw turned to gold

And no one would ever know

About the moments of terror and the sparks of madness

About the moments of happiness and despair

About the slow, systematic self-destruction

the inevitable

The inability to look in the mirror

About terrible loneliness

Dissatisfaction and restlessness

About the pure fear

About dying a thousand times

and resurrect each time

and be always among the Egyptians

From the depths to the pearls

And the roof of the world to touch the star



Everyone called him a genius

But he was and will always be alone.



A momentary love song



1. A transatlantic moment. Half past two in the morning / chews on blanched almonds and drinks

A glass of heated milk / put out the fire inside

which does not let sleep

From a British Airways 747 plane flies

To New York or Paris or London / 245 passengers and crew members

On a transatlantic flight / over the Mediterranean Sea

245 suitcases full of brushes and toothpastes

Full of warm and cold clothes / 245 passports (not biometric yet)

Here and there for flights in business class / movies in first class

Flight attendants hand out meals and hot or cold drinks

From the window are dark clouds and starlight / maybe even a moon

and the rapidly receding ground lights.



2. A love song to a razor.



Dear Razor / I love you

You're new and I'm scrap / and tonight I won't sleep

Dear shaver / I will keep you faithful

The knife and the shaving foam / will be exported immediately

For a high or low drawer in the closet / and only you will I get used to from today

Dear razor / I feel with you

Fashionable and modern / not to mention less sinful and more righteous

You are a new and expensive electric toy / which I bought for myself to play with

Dear Razor / I like to poke you

Electrify / and charge you fast charging

wash you and clean you / treat you like a baby

as in beloved

Dear shaver/ will you be my companion?

Throughout all the years to come / for better or for worse

Admittedly there were others / but they were not as sophisticated as you

They weren't as beautiful as you / They weren't as good as you

They were not like you / you are something special

Expensive razor / always stay new and shiny

Always stay beautiful and sexy / Shave your beard

with perfect efficiency / and I promise in return

I will keep my eyes on you!



3. TLV



Three in the morning after a shower / and first shave with the charged machine

Sitting in the garden drinking cold water / Above is a Lufthansa 747

Returning from New York or Berlin / holiday in the sky before landing

284 passengers and crew members / a sign lights up - "Please fasten your seat belts"

Passengers dozing in crowded chairs / 284 luggage and passports

Perfumes and cigarettes from duty free / 284 jet lags for the next week

From the window the ground lights are getting closer / getting bigger

And I'm sitting somewhere downstairs / having trouble sleeping and smoking

When the captain of the plane / circled in a final turn for landing

And it goes over my head.



4. Airplanes airplanes. Airplanes Airplanes / Where are you flying to?

Where are you flying to? / Take me with you

Take me with you / Metal birds in the clouds

To Rome to Paris / to London or Brazil

To Toronto which is in Canada / to America up to Alaska

And always back to the Holy Land / descent for ascent

Because no one is waiting for me anywhere / and I have no place to be

Except here / but tonight I would like to fly with you

For a transatlantic flight / sleep in first class

On an intercontinental flight / to fly fly to sleep and dream in the sky

And to return back here / to the place where I am now - I have no other place.



5. Sleep swings.



It will end when it ends / until then we have no choice

but to continue to endure it / on our flesh and soul

It will end when it ends / until then we have no choice

but to go on to feel and experience it / on our flesh and soul

Until it's over / and one night it will be over

And we all know how it will end

when it's over -

We fall exhausted to the bed and a second before losing consciousness

"Thank God" was said.



poison.



Every death is foreknown

Except for the dead himself

And we knew it would fall

Again to the black and bitter drink

which only for him was invented

Addictive poison

The candy is like medicine

with the help of processed white sugar

To each his own poison

We knew he would come back

To the sea of ​​pure poison

And the poison will cloud his simple little mind

And he will drink and drink and drink all his life

Until it is not.



The great hour of tea



Winter drops hard on the window

And you have come cold November

Lightning and thunder storms at night

And blessings from the heavens of the Creator

This is the great hour of hot tea

Just like the Hamsin sun of summer

It was the hour of the cool Coke



Sitting at 4 am

listening to "Jefferson Airplane"

The psychedelics straight from the sixties

Drinks tea and smokes tobacco

and looking at the rain outside

and had an experience that this is not the time to describe

This is the great hour of tea

as it was first brought to England

How powerful and impressive it was

The first sip of tea in the old world

The first cup of coffee

The first tobacco cigarette

People sipped and smoked and had an experience

Psycho-active from a sleep of spiritual consciousness

from caffeine and nicotine

Today - all that remains of it

It is this moment - the great hour of tea. 3/11/09







Origin of Species



You occasionally write cute optimistic songs like this / about love and God's love / and about some happy ending that awaits you at the end / but deep down you don't believe in any of this at all / you are in fact a staunch pessimist / you know very well what is the true nature of man and what is the nature of his heart / and in moments Such you ask if it is better to cover all this with some kind of blind faith / some kind of supernatural good / and fantasize about some kind of boarding house full of heaven waiting for your soul / or a redemptive resurrection for what is left of you after the maggot has finished its work / but these are actually children's fairy tales that you would like to believe in them / but they were long ago torn apart by atheistic science / the same science which makes morality a relative thing / and which justifies according to the socio-political trends of capital-rule and media corporations / eugenics (improvement of the race) / capitalism (social Darwinism) / the new (politically correct language - PC) / and which allows all humanity to play Russian roulette / by spreading the knowledge and technology to build an atomic bomb to anyone who wants it / that indifferent and gray science which with one hand finds a salve and cure for an ancient and incurable disease and with the other hand invents advanced biological weapon /



The human genome has already been decoded / and there is not a single gene left that has not been patented / it seems that there is only one law for atheistic science - / "If you know how to do it - do it" / and kindness and malice are temporary or permanent moods depending on the context Human hereditary-environmental bio-chemicals / altruism or sadism according to the mood of the technocrat that day... /



Instead of a monotheistic God / atheistic science invented neutral scientific axioms / "natural selection" in the theory of evolution which turns man into just another talking animal / the "disappearing hand" in the theory of free economics which justifies questions of excess and lack of basic human justice as if they were ethereal mathematics in some balance of payments of Business entity / "Quantum mechanics" in nuclear physics which cannot be understood by the ordinary person / etc. etc. in every scientific field there is a sacred transcendental axiom that replaces the need for God but leaves the mystery and the secret intact / and for the common layman we will not be left but to enjoy the scientific magic presentation -Technology on which the quality of his life depends... /



Humanity has known how to replace or correct wrong beliefs and thought methods throughout history / Yes, the day will come when even atheistic science will have to come down from the tree it climbed / and like socks that have worn out, torn and smelled / will give way to the following thought and ideological dogmatism / whose exact nature the minds of the future will have to dig and break the head.../



24/11/09







the explicit name



Love has no body and no body image

Love has no form

Love is his explicit name

of the present...



24/11/09



the hunger



Those who bothered - only those who bothered

On Saturday evening - on Thursday or Friday

Do shopping at the supermarket and grocery store as well

He and only he will eat on Shabbat

And the permit?

For them it will be Yom Kippur until Sunday

And hunger will gnaw at their hollow and bloated bellies

And they will have neither day nor night

Neither holy nor holy

Neither Shabbat nor Moscha Shabbat

Until Sunday morning

When they want to buy food and fill up

their rumbling stomachs



The one who is full does not care about the one who is hungry

And those who are hungry will not dare to ask

Whoever did not bother on Shabbat evening - Shabbat will eat him.



6/27/09



Itzpan



go back and look

enough V. enough.

and remember those years

that continue to this day. You showed well

The stupidity that controls everything

the collapse of the systems

the calcification of the arteries

the disintegration

the intracerebral hemorrhage

of an entire country



The country is in crisis

Peace is dead

Welfare, education and health

crumble and sell

At the lowest price

Poverty and poverty are increasing

And with them ignorance and crime

assassinations and terrorist attacks

Israel the first

the second

and the third



The value of human life

Worth as the skin of garlic

and above

two leaders

Sixty senile and sick

who hate each other

hate death

busy

Hands down

waiting to see

who will die first



In the end they all went down

from the stage of history

until you have nothing left

who to imitate

And we stayed

beaten and bruised

in a different reality



For all those lost years

You are on the air every day

And no matter how bad the situation was

You made us laugh

You managed to show how ridiculous everything is

and raise a smile

On our tired and sad lips.



Reruns



Waking up early in the middle of the night at my parents' house / shaving and brushing / smoking on the balcony with a glass of Coke wearing a coat and it's cold outside / at the end turning on the TV on the series channel / and silently bringing a blanket and pillow / and lying down on the sofa in front of the TV in the living room... / The television is rebroadcasting six consecutive episodes of the TV series "Babylon 5" / An old sci-fi space opera from the 1990s / I see without a voice reading the subtitles / And I remember the 1990s before I got sick / When there was no internet / Before the army when I was still a high school student / When I still watched TV regularly / my regular series / I remember my first innocent and positive TV addictions / I used to watch a bit of this series and similar ones before I got sick / and also after / with my eyes gradually closing / I follow the plot and remember the different characters and their story / and with them I see broadcasts in my head Returning to my life that once was / and could be / to be surrounded by a routine and a loving and loved family / to live a small and routine and healthy life / and to remain faithful to television and the beloved and old series / and to the science fiction and satire books that my mother would bring me from the city library / who needed the Internet anyway? / who was Do you need to finish high school and enlist at all? / If only it were possible to remain a high school student all my life / If only it were possible to stay living with my parents close to my sister all my life / Who would need more than that? / Rebroadcasts of Hebrew, My lost life and health... / My eyes close and I fall asleep to dream what I should dream / And in the morning my parents wake me up gently and with love / Which only they know and can do / For breakfast on Shabbat...



The fifth and sixth of December 2009



The desire to be redeemed



Here comes the longing / stronger than all physical addictions of any kind / more than alcohol, cigarettes, drugs, sex, gambling, medicine, food / more than anything that knocks the head... / here comes a longing like longing / stronger than the body itself / and coming from the highest source / from the pupils of the eyes / From the soul that is beyond the psycho-physical question / primal desire / for redemption / for a miracle / for divine intervention / for Armageddon / for Christ / for Happy End... / to destroy everything / to destroy completely / to waste life / to sin in all sins / and in the end --- / in the end to see the upper light / to win a miracle / to get a second chance / a new page / forgiveness / to be polluted and mutilated to the bone and then through suffering to atone and be redeemed / to be redeemed from our poor lives The cruel and wretched pathetics / and connect to something bigger than us / higher than us / suddenly see the big picture / and suddenly understand the magnitude of beauty / the craft of thought / descent for the purpose of ascent / understand the work of the artist / the reason for the reasons / know and feel the miracle / become the straw into gold / the bad into good / the failures into a rich and priceless experience / to feel the deepest meaning in the simplest / in the most symbolic / bleach for sins / to be healed in body and soul / to be redeemed / to return to the beneficiary / to cry cry to cry / surrender surrender surrender completely / kneel before God / admit "I don't know" / and one simple word echoes inside and outside / Hallelujah... Hallelujah... Hallelujah...



1/12/09



A lost cause



1. A total poet



A person needs goals in life / a person needs ambitions and dreams and desires to fulfill

And I set myself a lost goal / to be a total poet

Because what will I have left? - What do I already have in my life? / If not the poetry?

Therefore, I will live, eat, drink, drink, smoke, and take my countless medicines / for the sake of my song

But in fact this is a lost cause in advance

A romantic goal I hallucinated in low moments / to cheer up my spirit

And to give meaning to the Rabbi's suffering / and to the broken lives

After all, this is a goal without heroism and without romanticism

Like a cheap and slick third-rate romantic drama film

"The agony of the poet de la shamte"

Synopsis of the plot "The unhappy life of the mentally ill and tormented poet blah blah blah...

...whose poetry no one understood and who was ahead of his time blah blah blah... "

What a beauty! My life as a macabre parody of the life of a sort of poetic Vincent van Gogh

That's all I'm missing!!! / Spare me the lickety-split romantic illusion suitable for the 19th century

The truth is I will write as long as I have something to say and express

And between us - will anyone even remember us in a thousand years?

Will there even be anyone who will remember anything in a thousand years?

This is a lost cause

My poetry will not save me or give me comfort or health

My poetry will be my situation at most

My song is a lost cause that I decided to fight for and live for

Just like Elf Quixote decided to fight the windmills.



2. The late twentieth century



I was prepared for the twentieth century / not the third millennium

The future after the 2000s was then considered science fiction

But money is slowly turning the future into a prehistoric past

And together with him - turns me into a stuffed museum exhibit

Another thirty years will be considered like a thousand years technologically

The scientists and doctors will be the priests of the new religion

The corporations will be the feudal lords and we will be the serfs

The rich will live almost forever and the rest will be retarded at age 65

The future will be a combination of "1984" and "Brave New World"

And Allah! There is really something to look forward to!

In light of the "bright future" that awaits us

We will still miss almost all of us - the late twentieth century.



about the poetry



Poetry is a spoiled mistress

Intellectual entertainment

For bored and satiated and established bourgeois

who finance the publication of their books with their own money

Or she is a pancha of the artistic-literary establishment

of the barangay and the mafia of the lectors and editors

of censors and commissars

which allows her to see the light of day only by virtue

Considerations of fashion protection and economic feasibility

She is a prisoner in the hands of sadistic intellectuals

who mock her when she comes from the street just like that

Without an academic degree and without high psychometrics



Singing is a necessity for me

My singing is real

She is neither a mistress nor a prisoner nor a flatterer

Poetry is free for me

Poetry is queen for me

And over me she is led and I he is a slave

Poetry writes me

And not the other way around... 12/21/09



Flowers do not bloom in the land of schizophrenia



The emperor of anxiety and paranoid nervousness

sitting on his throne and his crown on his head

In front of you is the land of schizophrenia with an iron fist

A cruel and evil tyrant and tyrant

Life is freedom and the pursuit of happiness

He prevents his subjects who have all become his slaves

A stumbling block is them in the simple things

He imprisons them in broken glass cages

and torture them until they go out of their minds

And until some of them take their own lives

There is no holiday in the land of schizophrenia and there is no peace

Only crying cries and pain, terror and fear

The sun is always covered by clouds and the air is poisonous

Flowers do not bloom in the land of schizophrenia

Neither wheat nor rye

Its people are refugees and vagrants

Homeless beggars getting wet in the rain

Rag wearers are getting thinner



Flowers do not bloom in the land of schizophrenia

And if you came here as a passerby - you will never leave

Because everyone who enters it - we will remain in it as a prisoner

Everyone who entered it ended up being buried in it -

And there are no survivors from this cursed land shrouded in fog.



Monday February 22, 2010



what are the words



what are the words

In front of one single tear

A remnant of a world that shattered into pieces - like sea waves on a pier



what are the words

In front of a smile true happiness

A shard of eternal love of the divine gift of life



what are the words

In front of Kaddish, a grief-stricken orphan by the pit of the grave

And the tearing of the garment as the slaughter of the heart



what are the words

In front of the lovers' kiss

In front of nights of love



What are the words against all these?



Sunday February 21, 2010



global situation



A stable world situation in its ruins

and permanent in its transience



Global situation is spinning

The scents of summer are back

And also from the winter that broke



A reasonable global situation - nothing more

Moving between worries

The world situation is the same as yesterday

There is nothing new in it and there is nothing old in it



World condition will be good

If all goes well

And with the arrival of summer smells he returned

And also the winter that cried

With the change of seasons and zodiac signs

Maybe there will be new hope. Tuesday February 16, 2010



Tribute to Fryer



Here the time has come / farewell to no end / and since we have all gathered here / your lovers and your dear ones / to cry crocodile tears / and to accumulate points / for the inheritance battle in court / a few words must be said / for respect for the dead / respect that you have never earned in your life / you who always You paid a price / for being perfect and honest in your ways and actions / you are our dear sucker you are no longer a sucker / but only in our memory / now you are already beyond all those petty accounts and wretched lusts of flesh / you are already beyond good and evil /



Please remember dear sucker / because this obituary is for the illusion of your soul remaining / but in fact no one has any idea if you still exist in some form / and if you hear this obituary / this funeral is an illusory ceremony imposed by religion and tradition /



You are our dear sucker. Our dear sucker / you even when you already knew you were going to be screwed / continued to believe in your optimism and your righteousness which one day will come to light / well in the end it turns out you were right and the day of your death is the day of your redemption / and you are no longer a sucker /



If so, rest in peace, our dear sucker / we do not demand anything more from you / and you are exempt from being knocked about / no one will take advantage of you in this world anymore / and as for the next world, well let's not enter into metaphysical speculations /



We will all still miss you / and hope that you have no bitterness towards us / Life as you probably already know / has no mercy on anyone / fate knocks and we will be knocked as one / every dog ​​has its day / and in the bottom line of life / all are equal in the end / the balance balances at zero For there is no one great and eternal / and thus there are no winners and no losers / I hope you will agree with me that asking for forgiveness from us as lip service / will be hypocritical and unnecessary and unfair / and with these words we will sign the obituary / rest in peace...













The State of Israel will do everything...



The State of Israel will do everything... everything in its power...



Take as many of its citizens as possible and give as much nothing as possible... To betray its citizens, the weak, the disabled, the elderly, and the most needy and throw them on the street...

and abandon them to the dogs...



The State of Israel will do everything... everything possible...



To escape responsibility and cover up the truth...

To take care of cover for its leaders and its rich and its officers...

To never give an account to her victims...



(Because the simple truth is that the State of Israel does not need its citizens -

The State of Israel needs its consumers, its slaves, its soldiers, and American dollars -

The State of Israel does not need its citizens except for another F-15E plane and another Merkava Mark-4 tank

And another satellite ship and another dolphin submarine and more spy satellites, etc., etc.

It does not need its citizens - but they need it, therefore they are unnecessary except for one exceptional day -

Election Day, so remember them for a moment)



The State of Israel will do everything (for itself)... and nothing (for you)...



The anthem!!!!

And Yerushalayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!



come play me strings (song about paranoia)



Come play with my strings

Come play with my anxieties

You found a new toy - me

Come play for me

Talk to me right into the klonks

Take advantage of my pure innocence

I believe in my own stupidity a lot

who is standing in front of me a good person

Take advantage of the innocence and give me a smile

While playing with my buttons

While you stabbed me in the back

Tell me stories - stories

Pretend to be a friend

Pretend you care

pretend like –

That you are not a psychopath and a pathological liar

The killer is silent with words

Come play with my strings

You will break me down mentally

In the end I will run away from you to a psychiatric hospital

After the mask suddenly falls

So come play with my strings

So come push my buttons

So come play with my anxieties

So come and play with me

Come on, loosen my grip a little

And let's see what happens.



Behind every poet...



Behind every poet

Something is missing

insanity or mental illness

bleeding wound



Behind every poet

Stupidity also stands

and the pathetic

The separation of time and place

Hubris or a childhood dream

Deep frustration

Infantilism and megalomania

Narcissism and graphomania



Yes all of these

All these also stand

Behind the poet and poetry

and in spite of that and in spite of that

May God have mercy on humanity

Because poetry is written for the gods. Sunday January 31, 2010



Breakfast in the afternoon



The greatest disaster in life is always -

Get up after twelve in the afternoon

And find that life ate you for breakfast

wake up slowly

Coffee after coffee cigarette after cigarette

into the murderous rhythm of

The ocean of irreplaceable duties and tasks

of another day lost in advance

With more guilt of waking up late

Hardly open your eyes and already have a grocery list in your head

Buy Mickey tahini and cola pitas and cigarettes

(And a lighter! Don't forget a lighter! The most important and the smallest)

Hardly get up and immediately - cleaning duty

Tam Tam Tam Ta! For the imaginary sergeant, the imaginary department will move to listen!

1 2 3 Listen! Life as a never-ending apprenticeship



The greatest disaster in life is

Get up after twelve in the afternoon

Another day without breakfast

Another day without lunch

For another lost and black and depressing day

of duties without rights. Monday February 01, 2010



A formula for success



You need to know how to identify trends and revolutions and fashions

In the beginning - like a sailing ship in the middle of the sea

You need to be able to predict where the wind will turn

Provocation is the hot weapon

with which you will hunt lions and old tigers

And with it you will slaughter sacred cows

There should be something to rebel against

And thus win the admiration of the younger generation

And on this admiration know how to ride and ride

All the way to fame and fortune

Then you can already trade

And establish the name of a star of a celeb of a genius



Success is the best show in the egg

The problem starts when someone senses the truth

Someone discovers that "the king is naked"

And slowly breaks you to pieces

When your revolution is over

And your wave crashed on the cliffs

When the young people who adored you became parents

No one is excited anymore, no one is impressed anymore

The cultural hero you were is of no interest to anyone

On you then like the phoenix

reinvent yourself

You must shed your skin

Otherwise you will disappear from consciousness

Get rid of your assets - even your end may still be bitter

Therefore you must always remain young at heart

Always get back on the horse

and leave your mark on consciousness

You must be willing to bare all

It is not a place for the shy and there is no place for privacy

Be mentally and physically shaken in front of the reporters and the camera

Sell ​​your life story your tendencies your divided opinions

Sell ​​your soul - the main thing is to stay conscious

The main thing is not to disappear, the main thing is not to stop



Otherwise what's the point of all this if you don't have the strength for it all?

If there is no power? Be content with a hobby for your free time

And leave it to the professionals to pick the fruits of glory. 2/2/10

The best department in Israel



Sitting at half past six in the morning

and on an empty stomach and a cup of coffee

Arguing - which hospital is the best

Which psychiatric department is the best in Israel



Tel Hashomer 2nd class open year 1995?

Or a day hospitalization in peace in 1971? (in the barracks before they built the buildings)

And in Yaakov's well another hour and a half and an hour and a quarter

They will open the dining room and there will be someone who will shout

"Come to eat!" And a tsunami of hospitalized patients will flow in

Who wants porridge? And who wants a milk or white delicacy?

A thin thin salad, a slice of bread with butter

Hard boiled egg and soft white cheese

Sitting and thinking about all this

Where is the best department in Israel?

Where is the best food?

In Segura in Pardesia in 1998 there was the most food!

determined firmly

Gaha was the hardest! And the most stingy with food

The sweet tea of ​​Tel Hashomer in the 1970s (in the barracks in front of the building)

And the miracle of Ziona? I don't remember anymore

The years of our lives pass between hospitalizations

And the cool morning will remind, remember

the dining room in the morning at Beer Ya'akov

With the smell of the plates, the glasses and the blue bowls

And the tables are covered

The smell of dishwasher detergent

And with sadness we remember that already all over the country

Hospitals are closing

And all departments become closed

And there is no better cure than relaxation and recovery

Never actually was either

Except for psychotic nostalgic memories

From the best department in Israel

Which was good in retrospect...



The department hahah hiiiiiii tttttttwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood

Bbabaaaartzzzzzzz (zzzzzzz.... )))

(((the most)))

((((Tatuba)))

(((in the country???)))



2/2/10



politics



Politics and lies do not interest me

The conflict and the occupation do not interest me

Suffering that is not my suffering does not interest me

Leaders and parties and their promises do not interest me

News and newspapers and yellowish demagogic populist articles do not interest me

Peace and war do not interest me

Terrorist attacks and reprisals do not interest me

Palestine and Israel do not interest me



What interests me is to do for myself and my home

What interests me is to live a little and enjoy a little of the years I still have left

Life is too short for politics

Life deserves more than the petty and lying and vacuuming and corrupt and rotten politics of the Middle East - - - - - - - - - -

Life deserves more than that ugly bloodsucker who sacrifices her children on the altar of nothingness

And we will wrap the problems and the conflicts and the occupations and the right and the left and the terrorist attacks and the wars and the bereavement and the blood of the victims - this whole mass of shit - yes we will wrap this whole bloody and stinking mass of shit in newspapers and shrouds and put it like it is with the worms and the worm into a golden box - and when the day comes we will leave the damned box This is for the next generation - as they bequeathed to us - like this until the end of generations - until God himself will have a headache.



Saturday January 30, 2010



Valentine's heart



As brides another day another month and another year

During my crazy life

While I eat I smoke and exhaust myself to know

I listen to a sad old song

again and again and again

And knows that one day all this will end

One day I won't be anymore

So my body will dwell in dust

And my soul will be healed in the garden

So my spirit will float on the surface of the water

And my soul will come to visit you

In a dream you will not understand its meaning

I will come to visit you in your dream

Ask for forgiveness and announce departure

A puzzle for you

And in a dream we will be separated

And the love that has no name

Come true for a moment



One day I won't be anymore

So I will come to say goodbye to you in a dream

In a strange dream you won't know Fisher

And only the song that I will sing for your soul

will remain with you in your memory in the morning

And the song and the melody will be a parting gift from me

A parting gift from my love. Saturday January 16, 2010



your god



your god

He is not my God



your god

He lived among the pages of the Gemara and the Egyptian Talmud

He lived between the rulings of the Halacha and the observances of modesty

He lived in the cassettes of repentance

your god

I only see black



your god

He is a jealous, petty and vindictive god

Like your rabbinate

your god

Will never look beyond

for better and for worse

your god

He is the god of hate

as you hate me



your god

will never be my god



Wednesday January 6, 2010



A song for an old friend (L.)



how we became friends

In the cold and lonely days and nights

of Jerusalem

in "patient visits"

of after lights out

boarding school

And now fourteen years later

We keep in touch loosely

out of habit

via the internet



Today I know

How uninterested you are in all this

Nothing but what interests you

You don't care



The saddest thing is

That it's the most fucked up friends like you

They are the ones who keep in touch

It is not up to us

But today I know

How uninterested you are in all this



And actually this is also my fault

I ruined everything - so much

Until all I have left from the past is you

But today I know

How uninterested you are in all this



I could keep blowing your mind

Endless geriatric nostalgia for Jerusalem

But today I know

How uninteresting all this is to you

Nothing but what interests you

You don't care. Monday January 4, 2010



the idiot



"There is a thin line between courage and stupidity"



The idiot is me - at the end of the day

say and write and do the right things

without understanding their meaning in the deepest and most fundamental sense

but out of altruistic imitation

of a monkey after a man

Or an actor in a play that no one sees

And thus make a fool of yourself

An object of scorn and ridicule and loneliness



The idiot is me - in the end

To tell (your) truth without believing it

without being loyal to her

without being willing to pay the price for it

And so you come off as a liar and a traitor

And so you lose your truth

In a tangle of lies and half-truths

And we will remain ignorant and ignorant in constant ignorance



In your world the sun will always be hidden by the clouds

You don't have the courage to look at the light yet

Shade and shadows are your safe place

And only the light of the stars and the white

Calm your breathing

The idiot is me - without a doubt

This is how it is when you live in care...



12/15/09

Chi-gong



I inhale and exhale

Lots and lots of chi

My knees are light and my legs are slightly bent

I shake my shoulders left and right

And the pelvis will remain stable as a rock

My arms move limply up

About two strips of fabric from the force of rotation

I turn an imaginary wheel in my stomach

and now - - -

Movement exercises such as light waves

The instructor says to concentrate on breathing

and relax the body for flexible movements

The hands go up stroking an imaginary circle

And then they go down to the waist

And all slowly and with meditative concentration

The body is flexible and works as one unit

Everything gently

Towards the end came the guide

and corrects posture and body position

And then I rub my lower back

With the back of my hands - to warm the kidney area

And finally - relaxation of the body and mind



The feeling after her

of heat and sweat

And my soul feels as if it swam

In a pool of great chi.



















































gas!



A warm summer night / a cool wind blowing breaks the Hamsin

SUMMERTIME poured like honey from the radio

Unknown performance / 88 though. If. between eight and ten

gas! He plays from the transistor

Paints the warm nights with saxophone and piano colors

And the broken and rough voice of a singer / love - but what?

New York 1950? / the twentieth century

gas! Swing and blues / black music

The Smoked Cotton Clubs of America

Berlin / Gershwing / Armstrong / Shame

Gates / Lady Dee / B. Me. King

Ella Fitzgerald / Julie London / Ellington / Diana Carroll

And more and more / two hours of - jazz! every night

The moon and stars dance / Cigarette smoke curls in the air

And Danny will sleep in his room / Jazz mixes in his dreams

gas! - Who invented you?

gas! – My life will never be the same

Ever since I heard SUMMERTIME.





































































I liked



She is my love in life

Drink Coca Cola and chain smoke

and idle in front of the computer writing songs



I have a deadly long term love

Parasite for body and mind and society

Blood sugar and tooth loss

Blockage of blood vessels and calcification of arteries

Aitran and tar are carcinogenic to the lungs

Lack of productive function and failure to comply with the simplest tasks

Empty refrigerator and chronic difficulty to finish the month



My love is the flavor of my life

And I will pay the price for her

In my life and in my life

For the rest of my life



My love is all I have in life

And I will pay the price for her

I will pay with reduced interest

I will pay the price in full

I will pay until the end of my life!





























































four in the afternoon



four in the afternoon

Danny took the pills

And there are IDF waves on the radio

And he walks back and forth slowly

Sing in your heart with the songs and pray

Makes a cup of tea leisurely

And the old songs

He is reminded of his life



four in the afternoon

in summer and winter

in spring and autumn

The old songs accompany him

On the way to sleep

on the way to repentance

They comfort him on his way



four in the afternoon

It's been good years

Bad years will pass

four in the afternoon

the time of mercy

consolation time. in the middle of the night



In the middle of a hot summer night

Dreams end and I wake up

Dripping sweat or a full blister

Turns on the light

Just like that in the middle of the night

Changing a shirt or going to the bathroom

And when I come back the sleep is already over and the dreams are forgotten



In the middle of a hot summer night

Sitting in a dining room with a cigarette and a cup of tea

above a pale crescent

Hear the sound of music in the transistor

To the tune of Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata".

I feel my loneliness



The house is empty and quiet

I turn on the computer

and discovers that there is nothing new under the net

Opens the word processor - but in vain

The muse refuses to come now

Bayoshi opens the poetry books

between three and four in the morning

How many times can you discover the same song?



Quiet and calm music in Gilgal

Hear "Hallelujah" performed by Jeff Buckley

And the sky turns pale

I have another cup of tea with a cigarette

and trying to remember my dreams - but in vain

Trying to stand up for the meaning of life - but in vain



A cool wind is already blowing outside

When Ayelet Hashar appears in all her glory

The birds sing ecstatically in honor of the newly born day

And I begin to feel the growing light

the lack of sleep hours

with heavy and tired eyes like a vampire

I withdraw before the morning and the new day

and slowly entered my bed

And he will sleep a dreamless and devastated sleep until noon



So once two or three times a week

The dreams are over and the sleep is over for her

Suddenly in the middle of the night.

















mother and son



The mother and her little son exist forever

In movies and music - of the twentieth century

In old Walt Disney and Charlie Chaplin movies

In Danny Kaye's comedies

that have undergone a Technicolor process

In the movie "Crazy Crazy Crazy World"

and in reruns of The Simpsons



The mother and her little son exist forever

in their cozy and sheltered little house

In front of the educational television screen

and the first channel of the late eighties - early nineties

in front of the recorded video tapes

Chocolate ice cream and cold Coca Cola

In the summer of happiness which cannot be known Fisher

of fun that should never end

But only after many years

When the son who has grown up already

will return to visit his old parents' house

Then he will discover that love has not changed at all

And the lost innocence is still old

Because the mother and her little son - exist forever in his heart. Longing for last year



Sad and old pop songs

Reminds me of last year

Here I am being released from hospital

Here I am opening a new page - a new chapter in life

And the sky is the limit



Sad and old pop songs

Reminds me of Japanese anime

of the 80s

A paradise of unlimited possibilities

You can be a boy and be beautiful like a girl

You can be a girl and be more beautiful than a girl

Japanese pop youth

And we knew nothing

On the land of the rising sun

about the yakuza

On the Um Shinkaro cult

about the endless studies

about the sick planning

Where will you be and what will you do?

From the cradle to the grave

on death from overwork

About Hiroshima and Nagasaki

About Pearl Harbor

We knew nothing

About the Harakiri rituals



Sad and old pop songs

Longing for last year.

























did you get to love



"...in India, a young man cut off his penis after his family forbade him to marry his chosen one from a low class. The young man was rushed to the hospital but the doctors were unable to reattach the organ..."

(Voice of Israel flash 3 at night)



And after everything

When you look back on your whole life on this world

You will be asked the question that will look you directly in the eye

"Did you get to love?"

And among all the porn sites and among all the blue films

And between all the fears of connection and changes and all the games of pride and honor

and the excuses of illness or such and such fateful circumstances

You will be asked the question that will look you directly in the eye

"Did you know what love is?"

And the answer will be as elusive as love itself

Different types of love you know

But did you get to love?

And they will come back and remind you that

After all, you were born to love...

This life was given to you to love...



Love is as rare for her as the moments of happiness

And the answer will be a stutter as you have been all your life

And thus with a stammer your judgment will be pronounced.



























































Homecoming



1. In the desert (my home is in the next world)



what am I doing here?

In this wasteland? In this desert?

without a home in the world

rolling from frame to frame

Live with the illiterate and the wretched of mankind

Sharing my life with the oppressed on earth

Writes poetry from the rooms of the Ariri - the white hybrid

which no one will read

what am I doing here?

I live from day to day - waiting for nothing

And yesterday is like tomorrow

Only my body is rotting day by day

He is crumbling

what am I doing here?

Those are the lives I killed then?

At the age of 16 in high school?

What am I doing here in this desert?

If there is a comfort and a curse, then it is one

As Danny the wise said

"This is not my home! – My home is in the next world!"

And this is the entire Torah

To bear the suffering of the wilderness.



2. The homecoming. Oh! A disobedient son and a teacher

The years have passed

And here you finally saw the light

You are back to the beneficiary

You have opened a new page

And now there is new hope not far away

Here you go at last

A temple in which you buried yourself

When you thought you weren't worthy of life and love

Here you will finally go out and come back

Go again to your country to your homeland to the house of your father and mother

and live life

No more institutions and frameworks

Return to your home, son, return to the beneficiary



Oh! Disobedient son and teacher, you have found the right path

Do you see the love that does not depend on anything

You finally love your family!















A day like never before



I got up early before dawn

on a rainy and wintry night

After a healthy sleep and Shekinah dreams

And even you got up early

And no one was home but us

We greeted each other good morning

And together we made a miracle of coffee for me and tea for you

I was sitting in the dining room smoking

And you went back and forth

Together we looked out the window

In the rain you fell and in Ayelet Hashar

It was such a dreamy and good morning

An almost perfect morning that never was

We talked to each other

We laughed a little about Ha and Da

We brought back good memories and sad memories

No one bothered us that day

And we talked about life and God

I brought the radio from the room

And together we heard old old songs

Thus the morning rose in all its glory

And we both looked at the wet world outside

It was a free day

Carefree and debt free

And we both owed nothing

It was a perfect rainy winter day

It was a day like never before

Such days are so rare

Until they actually don't exist



And I was just happy to have someone to talk to

And I was just happy that there was someone who would listen to me

On a day like never before. Network poet



I am a network poet

I have no copyrights and no rewards

I don't have a writer's fee

And I have no recognition or 15 minutes of fame

I have a computer and an internet connection

And I'm running to post my songs online

Like someone running to tell the guys

My truth is swallowed up in the noise of the global cacophony

Somewhere between a YouTube video of the United States national anthem

uttered by puffing sounds

and gambling and porn sites

And Viagra pill banners

My truth is swallowed up in the graphomania of humanity

My recognition is the number of Google search results

To the collections of my songs or to my name or to one of my many nicknames



I am a network poet

I have no copyrights or royalties

I don't get paid writers recognition or 15 minutes of fame

I will forever remain anonymous

I write my truth and set it free

And no one ever knew whose hand it was that wrote it.





























































Farewell to blog T. V.



It's strange now to think about you / lost to me forever somewhere in infinity

When the morning light hits my eyes and my mind aches / My burnt lungs are full of tar and tar

In the ashtrays full of buckets and ashes and the coffee cups and the empty cola bottles

Remnants of another desperate white night in my search for you / your traces

Julie - the one and only Julie / where are you love? where are you my love

Reliving in my mind the moment I fell in love with you, virtual love and real

When I saw your face for the first time on the webcam / your eyes, your smile and your hair

And the chemistry of blog chat room correspondence

"What's a good girl like you doing in a place like this?" - The Law of Immortality

Finding an angel in Sodom in hell / flirting and laughing - such a lost innocence that I miss

You reminded me of what I lost / You reminded me of what falling in love is

What is falling in love? If not the hardest addictive drug

And since then I'm an addict trapped and lost / in the web - the spider's web... Every night since then I dive into the world of shells / desperately looking for you

You gave me details about yourself but I don't care if they are real or not

Among all the tormented souls of this dark shell world

In the face of all the hatred and despair of suffering and evil

Thousands of lost souls are desperately searching for the sparks that are woven inside the shells

Looking for Lilit the Queen of the Underworld / looking for sex stotz submissions respect rating laughs

Looking for a victim to abuse in order to restore their small and damaged ego

Among all these - among all these perverts I dive after you and look for love

Love? in a place like this? In such a place?

Women and girls without an iota of decency and self-respect

And boys and men bathed in lewdness and evil

Nicknames and nicknames are nauseating

Text messages with spelling errors from typing too fast on the keyboard

Or just laziness or ignorance or dyslexia

Respect games and verbal abuses and mutual insults

shots from rooms by the managers and patrolling blog cops

When I manage to find you in some blog or chat room

In the wee hours of the night / I am again filled with happiness

And the heart starts beating hard and the adrenaline flows in the blood

My palms are sweating when I write sentences and send you a private message

Desperately trying to get you to agree to exchange messenger addresses

But you laugh and elegantly evade my courtship attempts

Makes me wonder, maybe you're younger than you really are?

Maybe you don't understand? Maybe you just like playing with my heart?

Maybe you have someone? And maybe you like torturing your suitors to death?

Then after a few moments of happiness you disappear again without explanation and without explaining

I save the chat transcript of the room and in moments of desperation go back to look at it

I already remember by heart dozens of conversations we had

I have already known dozens of heavily addicted surfers here in the shell world

I already knew all the possible types

Knows what everyone is looking for and what they want

There are no friends here and there is no shoulder to cry on

This is hell on earth - the worst place to look for love

And it's been three months without a trace of you

You disappear as if the earth swallowed you

And every night I get weaker and weaker and more desperate

And this morning I already understand that I have to give up and forget you

Otherwise I will die or go crazy

It's strange now to think of you as lost somewhere in infinity

Breathing the same air I breathe

And you walk under the same sun and the same cool morning light Live your life without me as I will live my whole life without you

I will never love again. Never.





broken song



Beyond hybrid bars

Between torture and torture

I hear the echo of a broken and old song

by Tanita Tikaram

about unrequited love



I'm losing my teeth

I'm losing my hair

I'm losing my life

Between torture and torture

The echo of the broken and simple song

echoing within the walls of a hybrid

and arouse me

the longing for the lost paradise.































































rehabilitation institution



They will teach you to cook and clean

They will make you work hard

They will yell at you

They will have a million rules and regulations

You will be supervised twenty-four hours

Turn off lights and wake up

like in a hospital

They will tell you what to do every moment of the day

You will work for free

You will be taken advantage of there of that you can be sure

You will be the slave and slave

You will have to deal with all kinds of types

Get along with psychopaths and depend on maniacs

You'll be stuck with them for years and years

Until you learn to enjoy and love shit

And call this prison a home

You will pass like in the army

First trainees and then Zubor

And finally summer camp

You will learn to be a road worker

Poor manual laborer

They will prepare you to live in poverty

and settle for little

Say goodbye to dreams

You will stay there because you will have no choice

And then when you get to the end of the track

They will say you are a "success story"

They will say that "you have successfully recovered"

And they will throw you to your rebellious fate

They will never teach you to love

They won't let you have a partner

You will leave and you will always be missed

to "community" and "guys"

Forget you had a bad time there

And remember only the good

And for the rest of your life you will rot slowly

fade away slowly

From a rented apartment to sheltered housing and then to a hostel

And of course there will be more hospitalizations

Your suffering is not over yet.

























A broken truth



If I didn't love you

If I didn't know

If I hadn't been hiding from myself

I would see the broken truth

Already then

I would see you and the face of things

As they really are - and then

with an angelic smile on my lips

And in single, precisely measured sentences

in perfect sentences

I would tear it apart

You and your beautiful lies. A phone call from the first hospitalization



The telechart is almost empty of conversations

And with a trembling hand they dial the number

Someone answers - someone who once loved them

And they cry and cry and beg for their lives

"I feel bad here"

"take me home"

"Why did you put me in here?"

"I want home!"

"I want to mommy!"

"what am I doing here?"

And all of me, all of me, all of me

A soul bleeding from the heart cries

Until the one who once loved them

Father or maybe mother or maybe grandmother

A brother or maybe a sister or a relative of one kind or another

He gets tired of the whining and slaps them

the phone

in.





































































Pirate love song



Pirate love song

I downloaded it from the email software

And now he's playing the piano for me

And now it is burned forever on a disc



Software I downloaded legally - 30 day trial kit

I hacked with a fictitious, pirated product key that I obtained

And now a cat and mouse game with the software company

She discovers the scam and blocks it

And I go back and remove the block with another pirated product key

Like this over and over endlessly



One day it will all be over

One day the pirates and file sharers and software crackers and hackers will lose

And I eat it until the end



One day I will be sued in court

for copyright infringement

And I will have to pay three thousand dollars in damages for the pirated love song I downloaded

and twenty thousand dollars in damages to the software company for the illegal use

And maybe even probation or actual imprisonment

so that they can be seen and be seen



But I could not resist the temptation

I loved the song - I had to get it - I can't live without music

I needed the software - so that it would optimize and maintain the operating system that had become slow and disorganized

And I had no money to pay for either this or that

I don't have any extra money and I don't have an international credit card that pays in dollars



A pirated love song plays on the player

And hacked software maintains the computer

And meanwhile I'm enjoying now and worrying about tomorrow

And knows that in fact this is all robbery and that I am a thief

And the Sages already said - "The end of a thief to be hanged."





































The happy people



"...all happy families are similar to each other but unhappy families are each unhappy in their own way... "

(Heart of Tolstoy)



There is a happy family which -

Does not know that she is happy

whose house is in front of our window in the living room -

and on Fridays and Saturdays mainly but also the rest of the year

and in the afternoon or evening mainly but also at all hours of the day

We occasionally glimpse them through the cracks of our worn-out home

And our hearts are pinched and we are jealous and maybe even cry inside

And we say to ourselves like the visitors to the zoo

"This is what a happy family looks like - this is what a sane and healthy life looks like"

God probably loves them more

Their lives are quiet, routine and restful

No anxieties, no hospitalizations, no drugs, no doctors

Nothing is lacking, everything is abundant

And on Friday evening when the father returns from the evening at the synagogue

Everyone sits like kings for the Shabbat meal

And the candles are lit and they do Kiddush

And we see all this and miss it

To my father and mother's house and to my late grandmother's food

to our children and young women of old

When we didn't know we were happy

And we didn't know how good we were

Before the anxieties of hospitalizations, drugs and doctors

Before we left for our destiny in a cruel and cold alienated world with a fearful and helpless heart

Happiness is science fiction for us

Peace is a dream between sadness and anxiety

Life is a Sisyphean race that never ends



There is a happy family in front of our window in the living room

And from time to time we glimpse them through the cracks of our worn-out lives.









































I was loved



In the dewy days of childhood

Before the era of hate

During Shabbat walks in orchards and gardens

Near Home

I would be loved

I would be drawn to the love that knows no bounds

Embraced by my family

And I didn't know how lucky I was



In the days of childhood paradise

Before the age of the sick

I would find my peace

In my sick days on the living room sofa

And my grandmother would heal me with her care

I would be gathered into the peace which has no limit

With the innocent TV shows

of educational television



In the early days of childhood

before the ages of suffering

I was living in my protected and innocent world

And I would be gathered to the happiness that has no limit

On the wings of my imagination

Thank God and bless this gift of life

I have indeed been loved in my life

I was loved by God. Spring



At my worst moments

While hospitalized in some crappy ward

Or while waiting at the dental clinic before losing my teeth

In white nights when I'm lonely and alone with my pain

I listen to the old and sad songs on the player

Then you are with me in spirit and heart

You will remain in my memory as you were then

A beautiful and forever loving young man

And only I'm getting older

is crumbling and hallucinating you

Like a frightened child the illusion of a loving and supportive calming hand

And I know you moved on and gave up

But in moments like this I forgive you

And I only blame myself

And the longings and longings are only silent testimony

How strong was the love for you

And how much I miss you now

You who always knew how to say the right words

and the soothing into my heart and soul

Everything is rotting around me and even myself

But you will remain forever like your name - like the spring.































































It is impossible to write Jonah Wallach



1.

It is impossible to write Jonah Wallach

You can only imitate - a cheap imitation

Because it is no longer possible to write Yona Wallach

Without voluntarily being admitted to a mental institution to go crazy

without getting stuck in the journey to ace. enough.

Without growing up with a grizzly bear mother and a struggling father

without androgyny

without preying on men and women at night

and get up in the morning alone

Without the courage to be honest about life in songs

Without wanting to know and be everything and pay the price

That is why it is no longer possible to write Yona Wallach

You can only read Jonah Wallach.



2.

Everyone is not feeling well

Everyone is always not feeling well

Everyone has a hard time sleeping

Everyone drinks black coffee in white batter

And their hands are shaking and they have tics in their legs

and circles around the eyes (off)

Everyone wants to smoke all the time

Everyone is taking medication, everyone is on pills and shots

And always everyone does not feel well. Legal paranoia



They will come in an ambulance

Who knows, maybe they are already making their way

And inside two or three gorillas

A knock on the door suddenly

And let's go - traveling in one direction

For forced hospitalization in a closed ward

tying shots punches

Because the neighbors complained

Because the family was worried

Because the professionals didn't want to take a risk

Lots of good intentions

And you were the last to know

Like a birthday surprise



Legal paranoia is logical and possible

The anxiety is justified

So what's the wonder you live on tranquilizers?







































































tefillin



I had / and don't have tefillin

A large tallit with a kippa and arrangement

I had everything I needed

to feel holy / to feel righteous

to feel Jewish / clean new

daily worship



I had / and don't have tefillin

put every day on a weekday

according to the custom of the Spaniards

"And I inherited you"

as a consecration ring

Between my soul and God



With time as much as I was careful

And I imagined myself a saint

I deceived myself with impurity

And there was no bigger lie

When I lied to myself

until an evil spirit came

and ate the Tefillin

The tallit and the arrangement

until there is nothing left



I had / and don't have tefillin

I had tefillin / and will never have any more



I was left with a kippah and a book of psalms

to cry and pray for heaven's mercy

"I called you from the depths"

until my voice fell silent

And I will not continue reading in vain. This lonely life - Part II



If only I could now

I would hide as a small child under my late grandmother's apron

Or playing rummy with my mother or chess with my father - game after game

If only I could fix something in my life

I would never leave my parents' house

Today I know that nothing good awaits me anywhere

outside my family

There is no one who loves me like father and mother

There is no one who loved me more than them

I have no one in the world except my parents and family

It's just a pity that there are always fights and tensions in my family

It's a shame that I was destined to be alone in the world

The family unit disintegrates as it ages and crumbles

And my mother tries to encourage me to support me

Prepare me little by little to stand on my own feet with my own strength

To be as independent as possible, to be as strong and self-confident as possible

Because after they are not here - I will be really lonely

After my parents get old and move on to a world that is all good

There will be no one who cares for me anymore and there will be no one who will care at all about me

There will be no more weekends with the parents

No cooked meals and no small treats

No clean sheets, no washed clothes

I will then have to take care of everything

There will be no one to support financially

There will be no encouragement and support calls

There will be no more love in my world

No caress, no kiss, no listening ear

Only partners from the ass and a tough team that has no sentiments

I try to think about what it would be like without mom and dad

And I already want to cry

My parents wanted to prepare me as well as possible so that I could live an independent life

Whereas I am everything I want now - after tasting life outside

is to disappear and dissolve within their protective love and not to come out

To go back to my room in my parents' house and not go out

To somehow turn the wheel back and make up for the lost years

And Shaniad O'Connor sings "this lonely life" to me and my soul and heart are crying inside

My dear mother, father and grandmother

I will forever be grateful to you

For everything you have given me for everything you give me

A few precious drops of love, peace, happiness and sanity

In an ocean of evil, hatred, alienation and madness

In another incarnation in another universe maybe maybe -

We will all live together for many years - me, my father, my mother and my grandmother

In one way or another - only our souls will know and remember that

We are bound to each other by a great and eternal love

Which ends up defeating the difficulties and existing forever...













what are the words



what are the words

In front of one single tear

A remnant of a world that shattered into pieces - like sea waves on a pier



what are the words

In front of a smile true happiness

A shard of eternal love of the divine gift of life



what are the words

In front of Kaddish, a grief-stricken orphan by the pit of the grave

And the tearing of the garment as the slaughter of the heart



what are the words

In front of the lovers' kiss

In front of nights of love



What are the words against all these?







































































Behind every poet...



Behind every poet

Something is missing

insanity or mental illness

bleeding wound



Behind every poet

Stupidity also stands

and the pathetic

The separation of time and place

Hubris or a childhood dream

Deep frustration

Infantilism and megalomania

Narcissism and graphomania



Yes all of these

All these also stand

Behind the poet and poetry

and in spite of that and in spite of that

May God have mercy on humanity

Because poetry is written for the gods.

































































Breakfast in the afternoon



The greatest disaster in life is always -

Get up after twelve in the afternoon

And find that life ate you for breakfast

wake up slowly

Coffee after coffee cigarette after cigarette

into the murderous rhythm of

The ocean of irreplaceable duties and tasks

of another day lost in advance

With more guilt of waking up late

Hardly open your eyes and already have a grocery list in your head

Buy Mickey tahini and cola pitas and cigarettes

(And a lighter! Don't forget a lighter! The most important and the smallest)

Hardly get up and immediately - cleaning duty

Tam Tam Tam Ta! For the imaginary sergeant, the imaginary department will move to listen!

1 2 3 Listen! Life as a never-ending apprenticeship



The greatest disaster in life is

Get up after twelve in the afternoon

Another day without breakfast

Another day without lunch

For another lost and black and depressing day

of duties without rights. A formula for success



You need to know how to identify trends and revolutions and fashions

In the beginning - like a sailing ship in the middle of the sea

You need to be able to predict where the wind will turn

Provocation is the hot weapon

with which you will hunt lions and old tigers

And with it you will slaughter sacred cows

There should be something to rebel against

And thus win the admiration of the younger generation

And on this admiration know how to ride and ride

All the way to fame and fortune

Then you can already trade

And establish the name of a star of a celeb of a genius



Success is the best show in the egg

The problem starts when someone senses the truth

Someone discovers that "the king is naked"

And slowly breaks you to pieces

When your revolution is over

And your wave crashed on the cliffs

When the young people who adored you became parents

No one is excited anymore, no one is impressed anymore

The cultural hero you were is of no interest to anyone

On you then like the phoenix

reinvent yourself

You must shed your skin

Otherwise you will disappear from consciousness

Get rid of your assets - even your end may still be bitter

Therefore you must always remain young at heart

Always get back on the horse

and leave your mark on consciousness

You must be willing to bare all

It is not a place for the shy and there is no place for privacy

Be mentally and physically shaken in front of the reporters and the camera

Sell ​​your life story your tendencies your divided opinions

Sell ​​your soul - the main thing is to stay conscious

The main thing is not to disappear, the main thing is not to stop



Otherwise what's the point of all this if you don't have the strength for it all?

If there is no power? Be content with a hobby for your free time

And leave it to the professionals to pick the fruits of glory. The best department in Israel



Sitting at half past six in the morning

and on an empty stomach and a cup of coffee

Arguing - which hospital is the best

Which psychiatric department is the best in Israel



Tel Hashomer 2nd class open year 1995?

Or a day hospitalization in peace in 1971? (in the barracks before they built the buildings)

And in Yaakov's well another hour and a half and an hour and a quarter

They will open the dining room and there will be someone who will shout

"Come to eat!" And a tsunami of hospitalized patients will flow in

Who wants porridge? And who wants a milk or white delicacy?

A thin thin salad, a slice of bread with butter

Hard boiled egg and soft white cheese

Sitting and thinking about all this

Where is the best department in Israel?

Where is the best food?

In Segura in Pardesia in 1998 there was the most food!

determined firmly

Gaha was the hardest! And the most stingy with food

The sweet tea of ​​Tel Hashomer in the 1970s (in the barracks in front of the building)

And the miracle of Ziona? I don't remember anymore

The years of our lives pass between hospitalizations

And the cool morning will remind, remember

the dining room in the morning at Beer Ya'akov

With the smell of the plates, the glasses and the blue bowls

And the tables are covered

The smell of dishwasher detergent

And with sadness we remember that already all over the country

Hospitals are closing

And all departments become closed

And there is no better cure than relaxation and recovery

Never actually was either

Except for psychotic nostalgic memories

From the best department in Israel

Which was good in retrospect...



The department hahah hiiiiiii tttttttwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood

Bbabaaaartzzzzzzz (Zzzzzz....)))

(((the most)))

((((Tatuba)))

(((in the country???)))























Valentine's heart



As brides another day another month and another year

During my crazy life

While I eat I smoke and exhaust myself to know

I listen to a sad old song

again and again and again

And knows that one day all this will end

One day I won't be anymore

So my body will dwell in dust

And my soul will be healed in the garden

So my spirit will float on the surface of the water

And my soul will come to visit you

In a dream you will not understand its meaning

I will come to visit you in your dream

Ask for forgiveness and announce departure

A puzzle for you

And in a dream we will be separated

And the love that has no name

Come true for a moment



One day I won't be anymore

So I will come to say goodbye to you in a dream

In a strange dream you won't know Fisher

And only the song that I will sing for your soul

will remain with you in your memory in the morning

And the song and the melody will be a parting gift from me

A parting gift from my love. the idiot



"...a very thin line of demarcation separates courage from stupidity..."



The idiot is me - at the end of the day

say and write and do the right things

without understanding their meaning in the deepest and most fundamental sense

but out of altruistic imitation

of a monkey after a man

Or an actor in a play that no one sees

And thus make a fool of yourself

An object of scorn and ridicule and loneliness



The idiot is me - in the end

To tell (your) truth without believing it

without being loyal to her

without being willing to pay the price for it

And so you come off as a liar and a traitor

And so you lose your truth

In a tangle of lies and half-truths

And we will remain ignorant and ignorant in constant ignorance



In your world the sun will always be hidden by the clouds

You don't have the courage to look at the light yet

Shade and shadows are your safe place

And only the light of the stars and the white

Calm your breathing

The idiot is me - without a doubt

This is how it is when you live in care...



















































Jumping Fish Beach (to him)



do you still remember

An innocent trip at the age of twenty

Me, you and Rotem - three friends

Three days and two nights

Like Holden Caulfield in Eilat

The youth hostel

Dolphin Reef

Coral reef

Mc David

And you took us to your "secret beach".

To whom you ran away from the army at the time

Near the border with Jordan at the end of the boardwalk

And there we heard the fish jumping

at sunset

And in the background from the beach were heard songs by the singer Shada



do you still remember

You forget the past with its good and bad

I mentioned the trip to you

And you wanted to cry

An innocent and real cry in a cynical and fake world

Maybe that's why you prefer to forget

the time of which there is nothing left

The jumping fish beach

It was there thousands of years before us

And it will be there thousands of years after us

Waiting patiently for someone to discover it. The rest of the palette of life



At half past three in the morning damned son / only you and I remained

Until the end of the forces / of endless daylight

We are the remnants of the palette / of remnants of sleep and sanity

of years of insomnia and night terrors

We are a shadow of ourselves / survivors of the pale white

Survivors of endless cups of tea and coffee / nightly prepared meals

We bought in some grocery store you forgot

Survivors of quality of life and sleep that strive for zero

Survivors of computer screen nights are alienated and cold

Survivors of stomachaches and upset stomachs after midnight

Survivors of rotten teeth

We are a shadow of ourselves / victims of our flawed minds

You and I are the rest of the palette

And in the middle of the blinding sunny day / When our bodies can't do it anymore

We will collapse completely into bed / on an empty stomach and smoked lungs

and lay down unconscious / in our dirty and neglected clothes and bodies

in the dirty bed linen / and we will dream broken dreams

You and I - we are the rest of the palette of life.





































































the coca cola man



Seven thirty in the morning

A big, full bottle of Coke comforts me

If I wasn't schizophrenic

If I hadn't been taking psychiatric drugs

In short, if I was healthy in body and mind

I would surely start a career of addiction

to alcohol and/or soft drugs

I could have had all the data all the potential for it

But I am sick, taking medicine and afraid of going crazy

That's why my drugs are nicotine and caffeine and sugar

I am addicted to them and they are the flavor of my life

But they also destroy and will destroy me beautifully

Little by little with reduced interest

in a quiet decay with faint sighs

And there is no heroism or beauty in that

This is only a sign of great weakness

to a colossal failure in the face of life

for moral blindness in the face of beauty

And forcing goodness and even sin towards existence itself. Living room conversations



We sit in his living room and talk about poetry

The tea has a spicy taste of chutzelartz

And his living room conversations have the suffocating aroma of high IQ

It's not my cup of tea and it's not my league at all

I am the mouse that came out of its den for living room conversations with a doctoral student in philosophy

Somehow we get to talk about the avant-garde poetry of David Avidan

"Everything he did was already done 50 years before him by the surrealists in Europe -

It turns out that the greatness of David Avidan is

The fact that he was the first to do so in Hebrew - and they didn't."



He is connected at his navel to Western - foreign culture

It is a rare species in our places

"In another five years I don't see you alive here" I tell him

He agrees that this is an open and possible option

He learned about Freud, the surrealists, and Karl Marx

He has a library and he has read it

I'm talking about Jonah Wallach and Avidan

He talks about Warhol, Baudelaire, Arthur Rimbaud and Dada

I speak Hebrew, he speaks foreign

I am a man of the small Land of Israel, he is a man of the great world

We say goodbye and I go back to my room

His hospitality was exemplary

He didn't judge and there was no need to make a good impression on him

I return to a white night in front of the computer in the room

I go back to the same songs on transistor radio

We each returned to our fate - - - - - - - - - - - - -

- - - - - - - - - - - Tonight was an unusual time - - -

Our two worlds met to talk in the living room...

















































The litter cats



The insane are locked up in wards

Bathing in excrement - getting beaten

Get drunk from the ass

Living in a universe of vomit and blood and side effects

We will hide in a nether world - where there is only one law

"All Dalim is a man"



And then suddenly they are released into the community

To live in the ghettos and cages of despair of the associations

Learn the brutal street rules

To rub shoulders and live in the filth of existence at the bottom of society

Because the mentally ill are always the litter cats

of Israeli society... medium



If you want everyone to love you / write like everyone else

Be mediocre / and write mediocre poems

Do not write political poetry for example

Write about love but not about sex

Write about the weather / the change of seasons

with many metaphors and images

And don't hide the sun

Be normal / crazy free

Was medium / sparkless.























































































There will still be difficult days



There will be more difficult days

Harder than these days

More difficult than this moment and this day

Yes, there will be more difficult days - that's for sure

There will be more difficult days when we will return and miss you

For these days and for this time

We will still laugh then, a bitter laugh through the tears of pain

Because in our naivety we thought that these days were difficult

Today's difficulty will still be child's play

Compared to the difficult days that are yet to come - that are still in store for us



There will be more difficult days than these

And we will pass them too - we will find a way somehow

whether we like it or not.













































































seventh of Passover



This morning is the rising morning

Like electronic synthesizer sounds

"Everything in its right place" opens the gates of dawn for me

and the paleness of the sky and the chirping of birds

A cheap Chinese table lamp

Illuminates my room with fluorescent light

Radiohead's "Kid Eye" is playing from the computer

presents the gospel of the 2000 years

to the electronic future that awaits us

and from which it is impossible to escape

Cigarettes in the ashtray Cough and phlegm when waking up

Everyone is still dreaming

the last vapors of sleep

The calm before the storm of the day

Sipping great coffee

Soft light like the sounds of a sonata

We will enter through the window

I shook slowly

and prepares to grab his loose ends

of today -

good morning good morning

wonderful morning... without you



I wanted to recreate the feeling

So I went to the same places where we were - where we used to sit

And I only found out that the magic had worn off

Because without you there is no magic in the world

I miss you with every passing day

So I try to forget and move on

It took me so many years to understand

that i love you hopeless love

Even when we were together in Jerusalem you told me

That you love me "like a brother" meaning only platonic

I mean not at all and I had to deal with this frustration every day

You are still alive somewhere in Petah Tikva

Working, studying and you have a dog and a social life

You are not bored in life - so why do you need me?

And I have all that is left of my best years - ours

To me you are a ray of light to me a spark of memory

Just let the years pass and you will find the one of your heart

I know that one day you will love another and you will slowly forget me

You say that I will be dear to you forever, but I know that it is with a limited warranty

You will remember me as much as possible when you come to remember

But the past and what was or almost was or was not at all between us

getting farther and farther away and becoming irrelevant

You are the only friend I have left and that too "never resilience"

One day you will forget - forget that you are without me...

And I won't miss you anymore...



I wanted to recreate the feeling

So I went to the same restaurant where we sat last time

And I didn't enjoy it at all

Because without you the past is dead

And our special time will never return

And I knew and I felt that it would be so and I was angry

But my foolish rebellion was pointless and futile

For years I shut myself down and mourned and got angry and cried

About how life and time and friends and everyone betray me

Abandoning me, leaving me alone, seeing only themselves

I didn't understand how you could forget me and what was between us just like that

And continue as if things never happened

Nothing came of it except burnt bridges regrets and longing

I am without you and without all the friends I had then in Jerusalem for years

Sometimes it helps to just forget - forget like everyone else forgets

Sometimes it gives strength to forget and move on without the past

To continue with our small and gray lives, to continue to be worn by the wheels of time without purpose

move on with our lives and forget

Forget that I'm without you...

Forget how much I miss you... You are old enough to start



Ma'ariv for the youth of June '88

The middle page - a provocative advertisement

A model with minimal clothes lying on a Harley Davidson

and drinks from a straw can of Galilee cider



Everyone eventually reached an age where they could start

Me and all the guys, me and the whole class

Over the years we ripened like grapes of wrath

And we grew like a youth rebellion

We learned to look at the world through our eyes

and see ourselves in it

And every age was a step up

Finally we all enlisted for the 1995 recruitment cycle

Because we have reached the age where we can start - - -



"You've reached the age where you can stop"

Dr. Risperdal told me at the hospital

And since then I learned to stop

I must have reached the age where it is possible

start writing songs

































































You are right



I was right, I was suddenly lost

in the middle of my way

I've been searching ever since

in the middle of the road



I was right, I was suddenly lost

In the middle of my songs

I've been searching ever since

In the tangle of my words



The simple truth got away from me

Therefore I will retrace my steps

Therefore beware of Rahab's words

Therefore I will stay away from big words

Simple truth I will look for

A simple truth that I had and missed

Somewhere along the words

And I will come back and find her

And I will not continue even though

Until I find it again

my simple words

my righteous words.





























































Meeting at midnight



In moments of terror and trembling

In dead hours of suffocating sadness

in sleepless and restless nights

In the days of loss of hope and disaster

Go outside in your dream

to the open air

Come back to me in your memory

Come out and meet me at midnight

At the gates of the Garden of Mercy

And I will then reveal a secret to you

Because the gates are open

When the stars are lit and the white is lit

Together we will enter the garden

And I will then reveal a secret to you

Because you are not alone in the world

Because together I will comfort you and together I will be with you

And you are protected and loved

Your hard times will pass

I will be with you in spirit and soul

wherever you go

In the darkness of the night hold your hand

And will not let up

I will hug you when you cry

I won't leave you alone

until the light comes on

I will not leave you until the dawn of the new day

When you wake up from the darkness

To a new hope.

















































Redemption songs



1. And sometimes in my tired life

I can only dream of freedom

imagine better times

Hear Bob Marley's song of redemption

and shed a hidden tear

As a black slave who will never taste again

The taste of freedom on earth



As time goes by

Forgetting what freedom is

And only the songs of redemption remain

Elegance songs and songs of the end

to the end of darkness and redemption in the next world

Because this life is already broken beyond repair



2.

You were born into slavery

You were taught to be a slave

The only freedom you know

is memories of a daydream

of a little boy

And the words that cry out to you from the middle of your life

"What a waste! My God! What a waste!"

will be the most appropriate

Enact on your tombstone

And freedom remains unknown

unattainable or grasped

What is freedom? What is happiness?

You ask yourself

and staring at the sky

And the sky that tells honor to God

keep their secret in silence.







































The last of the Nephilim



It's hard for me not to remember

In that song from four or five in the morning

July 17, 1980 and something

in which the sky is light-sensitive photographic film

which becomes more and more exposed and becomes clearer with the dawn

And the poet who unquestioningly believes in the power of words tries to create ASA

And the blessing for the future and the innocent faith in it

When "children will play with communication satellites instead of kites"

The poet who predicts the technological future

but failed to understand its consequences for humans (and for poetry)

And maybe he did know the consequences

And even looked at his own end with the whites of his eyes

And yet he blessed the future with such a beautiful song

So unambiguous that he wrote in a single draft version

At the end of a white night (one of many)

A night bird in a time when there was no internet yet

Just him and the trusty old typewriter

The whole country is numb and he is awake and writing songs

And at dawn he makes Turkish coffee and takes a pill or two

And goes out to look at the sunrise before the sun goes down



Today all this is already considered so innocent

Almost no one is moved by poetry

Technology has changed almost everything

Except for the evil of man's heart

I wonder what he would say about us today

When a quarter of the world drinks its sleep

In front of alienated screens and keyboards dripping saliva of lewdness and evil

I wonder what the last of the Nephilim would write about us

In an age where almost no one is interested in poetry anymore.













































Insight at three in the morning



"... How difficult and long is the road from darkness to light..." (The Divine Comedy)



"...I can only show you the way but not walk it for you..." (anonymous)



1.

three in the morning

All the old wounds that have been opened a thousand times have been opened again and closed

And when I came to the realization that I was tired of being a night bird

Suddenly, my intelligence and clarity of mind came over me and I realized something

What will help me now to look for someone to blame?

In things that are no one's fault (maybe not even mine!)

Nobody owes me anything

I have to stand on my own two feet

Learn to be independent and take responsibility for my life!

If my year went wrong only I can fix it

Only I can change myself and my life

Only I can decide how and how to live my life

The truth is that I am not a victim of anyone or anything

And it always was and always will be up to me to choose

I am not a slave! I'm not a slave after all!

I am a free man!



2.

But the temporary euphoria quickly fades for her

And here she ends and here I am again blaming the whole world for my troubles

And to run away from taking responsibility - to curse, to get angry, to despair, to cry

And give up freedom completely - the possibility to look at myself at least once

Not as a victim of something or someone

And not as a slave to someone or something for a change

I can't help but surrender like any human being to my weaknesses

Surrender to my narrow worldview habits for reflexes

to the pessimistic and passive worldview instincts

I was born with it or acquired it during my years

Few are the freedmen who are able to free themselves

Shackles in their wake



3.

Let this song be a testimony that I tried with my meager powers

Somewhere at three in the morning to break free from the shackles of my mental wakefulness

And look at the truth in the whites of the eyes, if only for a brief moment. 3 at night, Friday, April 30, 2010





















The freedom to write



You have the freedom to write / don't be afraid of it

Write as much as you like / write however you like and what you like

Never regret a song you wrote / because you learn from everything

Put a line on the good and the bad in your writing / write what you feel

Capture the moment / Don't be afraid of words

Don't bash anyone or anything in your writing!

Because there are no forbidden words / don't be ashamed of what you wrote

Embrace it to your heart and know / it is a piece of yourself from your truth

The freedom to write is the freedom to be / the freedom to feel and think

The freedom to understand the freedom to explore / this way you will understand yourself better

You have the freedom to write / don't be afraid of it / don't be afraid of ugly words - of hard words.



















































































to love your self



Here come good moments

And I shave more than once a week



And suddenly I take out a bottle of French perfume

And on a perfectly normal day I splash eau de toilette on my neck

And the fragrance of spring flowers will be absorbed into my flesh



And suddenly I'm growing a little French beard

And here I am changing into new and clean clothes

More than once a week



And here I am wearing my silver ring

Engraved in the Shema reading

And it feels right even to God

Who loves me more than I have ever known or will ever know



Here come good moments

less difficult

in which I allow myself to be

And neither punishes nor neglects nor abuses

And here I am looking into my eyes in the mirror

without fear and without shame and without anger

Here I look into my eyes with a compassionate look

And from my eyes my tormented and frightened soul looks back at me

And from my eyes the imprisoned tears come free.























































Israeli hikikomori



Hikikomori (in hiragana: ひきこもり, in romaji: Hikikomori) is a phenomenon in which a Japanese boy (or girl) isolates himself from society by locking himself in a room in his parents' house - his bedroom or another room - for months or even years. (from Wikipedia)

I am an Israeli hikikomori

And I didn't even know I was like that

Alone in my room in my house

in a merciful womb

My world is illuminated by a soft light

of a computer screen and a neon light

The silence of the night is

My refuge from a cruel world

And the noise of the day mixes in my dreams



My food is star milk

I write myself songs in them

I forgive or

no

in which I am forgiven or

no



I am an Israeli hikikomori

After I survived

the days of thirst

I swallow the night

As my heart desires



in my solitude

I live in their dreams

There is another world or

no

in which there is another life or

no



I am an Israeli hikikomori

And the songs end like the night

And start like today

And if so then

Yes

and if not then

No.























do not be jealous



Don't envy the view from your window

Do not envy the sunrise or the sunset

Not in the garden and flowers

Not even in the greener grass



Don't envy the view from the window of your heart

But open it and be one with life...



























































































This is life - the dawn of a new day



1.

this is life

This is life itself

who betray us in the end

which rust us

which end in us

This is the life that

They make us names

and crumble our dreams

Like sea waves on the beach

that dissolve sandcastles

It's not Coke or

The cigarettes or

the disease or

the drugs or

No matter what

This is life itself

which are running out in us

which suddenly rise upon us

to our brides

It's no one's fault

It's not the fault of anything

This is life itself.



2.

Dawn of a new day

is no longer exciting

It is the same old dawn of the same old day

which repeats itself from Genesis

Even the birds fake their song

Once the moment itself was magical

But the magic will be worn away by the wheels of time

Cold and pale winter sunrise

Brings me back to bed and sleep

There in my dreams there is a city of refuge for my soul... Federico Garcia Lorca



Yes they shot you in the back

I saw - I was there with you

and after confirming the killing

They buried us both in a mass grave

We just served her another life on the net

in underground sites



yes it was

In the first weeks after the coup

As the honor of the exchange live

drew the generalissimo to the king of Israel

The crowd cheered and rejoiced

Our eyes followed anxiously

How do the Revolutionary Guards patrol in Tel Aviv?

purifying "Sodom and Gomorrah"

In cobbled squares like in the Bible

Shabbat breakers and other infidels

And in Jerusalem the preparations began

for the construction of the Temple



We knew we were lost

We knew - it was only a matter of time

until we stopped

But there was no point in running away

And there was nowhere to go

"Don't be afraid" she smiled at me with eyes full of compassion

Towards the end before the firing squad

"Look them in the eye"

And so you did

Again and again no gun fired

That's why they shot you in the back



Many years have passed since then

But we still exist

All lived and died for the truth

Don't be afraid! Immortal life to him!

































About the place, time and life



The truth must be told about this place

Truth without anger

Compassionate truth

No one is ever truly happy here

Sorrow and suffering drain here

Nagrim -

And we do our best

not to hurt each other

More than necessary.



The truth must be told about this time

Truth forgives

Truth is complete with itself

Time does not heal anything here

These are the old problems that grow old and die

And in their place new problems are born

Time makes you come to terms with everything eventually

From the forged indifference of a person whose time has run out.



The truth must be told about this life

honest truth

And it is because in order to survive this life

We must always lie to ourselves

One must always move from hope to hope

And even though money will no longer be able to save this life

of their misery

All that remains is to believe in the unbelievable

Because the end will still be good for some reason. The Archaeologist of Sleep (Recovery)



I'm trying to restore

feeling or sensation

I'm trying to revive a memory

but does not succeed

And it's too late

And the brain is full of neurons and blood vessels

Loaded with caffeine and nicotine and drugs

Heaven and hell are hidden in it



Maybe only in the dream job

This will be the place

to restore hidden and dim feelings/feelings of happiness/peace

which were buried under the tired layers of dust

of time



And when we wake up to tomorrow

We only found remains that he found and left for us

The Archaeologist of Sleep

In the memorial museum...



































































not everything (temporary name)



Not everything needs to be written

Not everything can be made into a song

Not every pain will have

A listening ear

or a supporting hand

or a shoulder to cry on

And here we are in the middle of life

Crushed hurt and scared

And we are alone in the dark

And this is the time we dreamed of in our distant childhood

Let's be tough like Humphrey Bogart

In some film noir movie

But here we are crying and whining

Like a puppy thrown out into the street

And we begin to pray and ask for the mercy of heaven

We become vagabonds

Looking for ourselves

After a piece of peace after a piece of what was lost

And not good - neither here nor there

And our aging parents - who love us

What do they already understand?

We don't want to worry them

We protect them

That's why we turn more and more to the professionals

And so they sink more and more

into the hospital...





















































Reckoning (for Rosh Hashanah and the terrible days)



see me god

sadly advancing the dawn

Smokes a chain of cigarettes to. enough. excise

Made by Japan Tobacco International

Produced in Torbali, Turkey

which in Russia are the preferred type

And suddenly I'm tickled to delete the entire computer

and disconnect from the Internet permanently

For the millionth time

And by the skin of my teeth I will refrain from doing so

For the millionth time

And instead I write this song



see me god

as you always do

I'm the poor, beautiful loser

I am the resounding failure

The writer writes another graphomaniac song

And with many words he forgot what he was trying to say



Hear me God

And please don't hide your face from me

Precisely when I try not to run away from my responsibility

For my sins, my iniquities and my mistakes

Precisely when I feel deep regret

Precisely when I am ready to take responsibility and admit

in everything and everything

Just the way you like it so much

Taking responsibility and personal example



see me god

A sad man on the verge of tears

A lost and clueless person

A man who is afraid of his own shadow

Please don't hide your face from me

May the year and its curses end and may the year and its blessings begin

May you be signed and sealed in the book of life

And they said Amen...





























through the crusade



A man who lost everything

His soul is free



A man who was betrayed by justice

The truth will comfort you



A person who was betrayed by humans

He will find his peace in God's love



A man who was a scapegoat

The gates of heaven are open to him



A man who suffered all his life

By suffering he bought his world forever



When we lose everything

are led naked before a roaring, hateful and mocking mob

Towards our becoming nothing

So we are pure and completely ready

For the moment of redemption. the abyss



Now in my childhood loneliness

I understand what that abyss is

that separates us

What is the same distance between me and you?

are you -

You've completely recovered

You did the unbelievable

Live a worthy and healthy life

meaningful

You did and are still doing something with yourself

You got to love

A love which I could not give you

And with whom I could not compete

Not even to compare



This is you today

from the other end of the abyss

This is your life

You took them and brought them to you

And you smile at me and wave goodbye

from there

I know that I will never eat and I will not dare

to jump over the gaping chasm between us

or cross the impassable distance



I remained a bystander

Abandoned and betrayed

A sick child

Cursing my fate

Imprisoned within the bars of my tormented soul

In my aging body and my decaying flesh

Looking for my place in the world and can't find it

I roll on from frame to frame

Homeless and loveless

and knows that -

I will never have anything

Except for the songs

And happiness will exist only in memories...

and longing... me and no one



When I was banished from the terror of my youth

And my dreams my hopes and my life all came crashing down

When I was thrown out into the cold and cruel world

And somehow I ended up in housing

It was no one who greeted me with a smile and kindness

And no one was my only and best friend

When I was in trouble, no one always offered me help

When I had bad white nights and black days

No one was there to listen and support understand and help

No one was my true and only friend all these lost years

And when I cried

It was always no one who comforted me

"Time heals everything" he would tell me

"You'll get used to it and eventually you'll be like me"

No one ever had the patience and time for me

No one has ever judged me

And always accepted me as I am

Thanks to no one I was lonely

And thanks to his help and support I survived all these years



In the end, the time has come for no one to leave the world

And out of grief and sorrow I became like him

I became nobody in the end



A month later he arrived in the place of no one who passed away

A young and new one for housing

He reminded me terribly of myself at the beginning of my journey

I felt sorry for him and decided to help him as no one helped me at the time

And so kindly I was nobody for anybody else.















































when everything was new



1.

when everything was new

When we first discovered the world

The music is from my sister's room

would vibrate our tender hearts

tears of happiness and love

(Here I embellish the truth -

because there were also many tears of pain and loneliness)



when everything was new

And the world is young

His kindness had no end

It was poured out like honey and milk

on cornflakes

of the breakfasts of champions



2.

And when we got sick, hope was still not lost

Because even the sky of the future is gray above our head

We were still too young and naive to understand

We looked at the world with curious eyes

And we said, "We will go to our fate, whatever it may be."

We thought we could handle everything

And we left our parents' house for institutions and frameworks



Cheap cigarettes and Coca Cola

Cleaning and cooking staff and guides

Everything was still new

Both the misery and the difficulty that we didn't notice

We laughed and we cried, we loved and hated with all our innocent hearts

We devoured life as only madmen can



3. In the end, our fate caught us

Today we live on pills

The world is no longer new

And we are not young anymore

We no longer have the strength or innocence to attack life

All to themselves and each to their own

But there is sadness and ancient regret in us

And we are slowly walking the known roads

And the few that remained we finally learned to love



Either way we became who we are today

Either way we'll settle in the end with time

past and to come past present future

And in the days we will sit and remember

And at night I cried to the moon... The cigarettes are over (casual song)



Five in the morning and the cigarettes are gone

half white night

And I'm thinking about the good Ariela again

which passed away forever

And on the computer they are played alternately

Tschernihovsky's ballad in the voice of Josie Katz

And Tanitha Tikaram's song

And I imagine Tanita

Lying in bed in the afternoon

On a casual day and thinking about her love

Asher rejects and plays with her



Five past twenty in the morning and the cigarettes are gone

I haven't slept in the afternoon in a long time

It looks to me like something little kids do

Like drinking chocolate or chewing toffee

And good Ariela was like me

Drinks coffee and chain smokes

And I remember

Our Shabbat evening conversations in her apartment

over coffee, cookies and cigarettes



Why doesn't Tanita sing about life itself

The bitter and hard and unhealthy ones like coffee and cigarettes -

Like unrequited love and a broken heart -

Like shattered hopes and dreams and longings and regrets and sadness that have no end

I'm tired of hearing her sing only about unfulfilled love sobs



Five forty in the morning and the cigarettes are gone

And with them the sleep ended

The grocery store will automatically open and that's where the day will begin

And there will be something to smoke and there will be coffee after coffee

Maybe I should try to lie in bed in the afternoon too

Maybe I need to make a bed for love too

But all I can think about is Ariella

which passed away forever

and left behind a mother and a sister and a dog and a few broken friends



It's a quarter past six in the morning and the cigarettes are gone

And here I wrote a casual song like Graphoman

The God who knows mysteries has all the answers

Why everything that has a beginning must have an end

Well I have to go to the grocery store that has opened

The cigarettes call to me like the drug to a drug addict



Six thirty in the morning and there are cigarettes

I start the day with a lit cigarette and smoke and ashes

Gambling on this life which is not worth much maybe

And yet they are all I have - all we have







1995



Enjoy while you can guys

Enjoy what little you have left

This year is the last

without you knowing



Finished high school

Finished the graduation

Do what you can to be okay

with everyone or like everyone

As you always do



You don't know what will happen in the future

you don't know what you want

But without you knowing all this doesn't matter

Life and the future will already decide everything for you

What you will be or not and what you will do or not

How you will live or not and what your life will look like

Life will take you where you want that they want



Sit in front of the TV guys

And squeeze out another drop of stress laughter and cry

Have another wonderful meal

with your family

Before the peace is shattered

Read your books

And a boyish daydream

A wonderful last dream

Life is about bravery, laughter, happiness and love

Before you go crazy



Next year without you knowing

All this will end in horror

Next year boys

Be a shadow vessel fragment of a person

You won't be able to daydream anymore

Don't be innocent anymore

Next year will reveal their faces

The ugliness and cruelty of life

And you will have nowhere to crawl back to

Your home will no longer protect you from the facts of life



So boys have fun while you can

Squeeze another drop of healthy youth

Another drop of innocent happiness

Before the disaster comes

which will land on your head without you realizing.



Forever seventeen.





Every now and then / when the clouds come down on me

I will remember what it was like to be seventeen forever

When life seemed simple / and fun was in the break

And we were not asked to prove much / and the summer promised us eternity.

























































































The song of self-destruction.



1.

You were born perfect, my little brother / just a red dot on my waist and seizures

They sent you to the experts.

"The child will be a little slow" they determined / and for the sake of science they did experiments on you.



The brain surgeries didn't go well / who will feel sorry for you retarded child?



It will always be the weak who get swept under the rug.

And in a rotten capitalist society / even I have almost forgotten you.



2.

Childhood is not only perfection and beauty.



Sometimes childhood is / tearing off the legs of a cheerful grasshopper

And in the grove near the house / to wreak havoc on an ant nest

with a box of matches.



Childhood is not only perfection and beauty.



Sometimes childhood is / breaking the joint for kittens

and throw a white hamster from the balcony (fourth floor).



Childhood is not only perfection and beauty.



Sometimes childhood is / to beat the weakest child in the class during recess



Sometimes childhood is like the rest of life.



3.

Waking up is happiness / Slavery is freedom

Love always depends on a thing / And the nature of man's heart is evil from his youth

Selection is natural and providence is old



I haven't forgotten you little brother! / Here I come! Here I come!































Dental technician. Beethoven was a dental technician

Graduated from a course at a college in Vienna

His mother frames the certificate in gold

He divided his day between prostheses and implants

He drowned his grumpy fusion in alcohol.



Einstein opened a candy store

In a small shopping center in Zurich

His mother helped at the checkout

He divided his day between Swiss chocolate and lollipops

He satisfied his curiosity with a subscription to 'National Geographic'.



Freud studied shoemaking

(Profession suits him)

His mother was satisfied

He divided his day between men's shoes and women's shoes

Calm the growth frenzy with a small tranquilizer.

























































the last spartan



Grow without making waves / without breathing too hard

Eat what you have and say thank you

Do only what the parents say

Without doubting and without questioning

And without ever fighting.

Not knowing what money is until the army

go to school for homework

and do homework for school.

to be without friends and without company

watch TV, and play on the computer,

Do not leave the house after 8 pm

(including Friday and Saturday).

don't hang out

never outside

and to think innocently that it is the best there is.

And not knowing that one day the bubble will burst.

































































Mask (snow in spring).



1.

The transition season has begun / spring snow

And the flowers I can't feel them for a long time

Afternoon depressions / If only we could be robots without awareness and intelligence

(Ah! What a peace it is to be an ant)



2.

Postpone everything to the last minute / and do only the necessary

And besides do nothing. Indeed!



Listening to the same record over and over again / everything repeats itself anyway

Until time no longer has meaning.



3.

Between me and myself / a war of attrition

Who will break first / the good or the bad.

And in any case it doesn't matter / everything is erased from consciousness

As soon as you put on the mask.



4.

I have no desire for anything / and nothing balances with nothing

And that's how the mask doesn't break / and I don't know the difference anymore

Between the mask and me.



















































I liked to smoke.



Inhalation - exhalation / white Indian smoke

There is no disease that does not have a bullet / There is no trouble that does not have brothers

When nobody cares / it doesn't matter anymore

The beauty of youth is the right to throw everything to hell. Inhalation - exhalation / coughing and sputum

Spots in the chest / painful teeth

Polluted nights / days of haze

There are no more illusions / this way

And inside knows / the days are running out

And there will be no new pages.



Inhalation - exhalation / the end is white

And what remains / are tears and love

I loved smoking / even though it killed me

And I loved life / in spite of everything.

Now all that remains is to pity and forgive

Because what is done cannot be undone.





























































You are like me (temporary name).





"You are like me" the floor rag told me

"It's okay I know" he added trying to squeeze out an admission

and went back to polishing soles



"I caught you" said the winking eyes

"I recognize you from miles away" said the mocking smile

"Are you like that? Are you like that?" asked the pushy nose.



"You are ruining your life" said the tiny family

"Be careful! You'll end up like us"

Said the cartoon joke and the dark parable.



"It's only in your head" said the rumors and gossip behind your back

"Read the Psalms, maybe it will help," suggested the Simcha to Id and the Mercy.



"Buy a deck of cards," Solitude suggested

"Adopt a dog or a cat" suggested despair.



"Hang yourself, and that's it!" Honor and pride shouted

"It's a shame you were born," the shame whined.



"I am like you and you are like me" I said to the floor rag

"Who like us knows to what extent everything is rotten to the core."

















































The man who forgot to laugh.



I'm the man who forgot to laugh / I haven't really laughed in years

with all my heart / and the years pass them by.



I'm the man who forgot to laugh / all jokes are lame

All smiles are forced / Shimchat Haim flew, flourished for her from me.



I am the man who forgot to laugh / We will remain only a pale memory

that goes further and further away / of a beloved child, laughing with all his heart.



Please return to me, the children of Heket

How I tremble at the sound of your laughter.











































































A guide for the beginning schizophrenic.



whether you like it or not -

You will make all the mistakes / and a mistake will never come back.



whether you like it or not -

You will never know the limit / what is really enough for you.



whether you like it or not -

When you can, you won't want to / and when you want to, you won't be able to.



whether you like it or not -

Your nights will be pale as white / And your days gray as the autumn sky. whether you like it or not -

Be hospitalized voluntarily or under compulsion / open or closed.



whether you like it or not -

They will always call you crazy / behind your back.



whether you like it or not -

Freedom is the sky / and reality is the earth.



whether you like it or not -

You'll never know why / this way!



















































if it were me



If it were me / I would certainly enjoy all this being.

Surely I would only look at the good that God has blessed me with.

And I would take full advantage / of all the sparks

And thanks him for this wonderful gift called life.



If it were me / I would know better how to return love to my loved ones

And I was always loved and surrounded by loved and truly loving loves.

I would live in two for many good years

And who knows, maybe it also brings a new life into the world.



If it were me / I might have succeeded in judging better than I did

I might have found the way more easily

And walking along it all the way / without being tempted to take shortcuts

And without deviating into crooked roads.



If it were me / I might be happier than I am now

I would put aside the pain / maybe even heal the wounds

And I didn't have to learn from other people's mistakes / and save myself

Almost at the last minute.





All this if it were me

But you are you and I am not me.



















































fear itself



Sometimes I'm scared / really really

Because no one can tell me what will happen



Like a loop / like a self-fulfilling prophecy

Like a whirlpool that you must not enter



And in such cases only a chemical rescuer can save me.

Then I know there really is nothing to fear except fear itself.

















































































Happy to see you



so glad to see you

Hey whoever you are. Be whoever you are

Happy happy and one day free.



so glad to see you

After a long period of worrying absences

How are you? How are you? How do you?



so glad to see you

And I don't even really know you.

Only here and there "hello hello and goodbye"



so glad to see you

May you expel the demons and conquer your fears.

And all eyes will always be happy to see you. father



Tonight you fly on another one of your trips / and I can't stop thinking

How would you drive us by car late at night / back from visiting relatives or a wedding or engagement

And in the windows would pass the lanterns illuminating the darkness / or the cypress trees along the road

And in the background the radio would softly play the Kol HaShalom station / and the music would mix with the noise and sounds of the drive. / And you could just close your eyes and fall asleep like that there / in the back seat / and know that everything is fine

Because the steering wheel is in your hands.





















































































Now I think I understand you



Now I think I understand you.

the sad eyes and tears in Brian Adam's music video "Today is the first day of our lives".

After your last hospitalization.



Now I think I understand you.

The old clips on VH-1 of songs of strength and power, happiness and black pride.

In this whole white world.



Now I think I understand you.

The trapped desire and the necessity to compromise in order to survive.

which is difficult to explain to someone who has never been hospitalized in an open or closed manner and was released sane.



Now I think I understand you.

The pain of wasted time, the addiction to weakness, the attempts to escape a cursed fate with bound legs and broken wings.



































































Halkaim



We share

Nobody cares

No one will help us



We share

Grow as wild flowers in abandoned fields

Always expect a redeemer

Worship God's love



We share

We will always pay for the common sins

The hypocrites will always preach morals to us



We share

Live at the bottom

We will always be a world foundation

the despised slave

The black sheep

The negro who did his thing.



We share

Always look to Christ

Stripped of the clothes and masks of lies and vanity

We see the truth for real.

















































Devil's creature.



now i know

Because you are the devil's creation



Although you did not touch my body

But you wounded my mind and soul



How I will love and hate you all my life!

Your memory burned me like the mark of Cain

for better and for worse

will always accompany me But one day

I will crack the secret of your magic

One Day

I will break your curse

One Day

You'll see

My mind will be healthy

and see you as you really are,

Flesh and blood like me.

A day will come

And I will forgive you and myself

Then I will spread my wings

And lift up.

















































Liat.



like an old memory

The first kiss at the age of thirty

like an old memory

I'm in the ward with you again

On a cool and starry night.

We both walk holding hands

And you're wearing my coat

Like two teenagers.



Now it is clear

What we did not see

It's not our fault at all

In the world of the bleeding soul trapped in the flesh

Any love in him will be wasted.





































































Love is crazy



Amazing to see / love in the department

Like watching a cable on a thin wire / without a safety net.

A boy and a girl at the beginning of life / clinging to each other out of lack of choice.

And they think it's love.



The eyes are always looking / always want to be together

Talking until brides / kissing in secret

The staff turn up their noses / but do nothing



In their innocence they do not know / that this kind of love

They have no existence outside the bubble.



It's amazing to see from the side / the mistake I once made.







































































And you chose life



And you chose life

Without knowing why and why without understanding



And you chose life

even if odorless and tasteless



And you chose life

Even if in slavery toil and suffering



And you chose life

Even if nobody cares



And you chose life

Even if in loneliness and poverty



And you chose life

Even when the lie is white

(and the truth is black as coal)



And you chose life

And the hope Psalms chapter 11.



Because he is the one who commanded.



















































the hospitalization



A.

"I'm coming to relax" you say to yourself / and enter the gate / to the doctor on duty in the emergency room. / You insist on being hospitalized. / "I don't feel well," you say. / Finally he agrees, so as not to take a risk, and you are transferred to the open ward.



B.

The first week you look / wear hospital pajamas / and immediately start giving you / addictive sedatives. / And if you don't sleep at night / they will also give you sleeping pills.



third. In the first few days you will be called / for a kind of admission interview / with the department manager, the doctors and the staff, where they will ask you "How are you feeling?" / And they will try to understand what your problem is and what treatment will be suitable. / In the first two weeks, the nurses and brothers are very polite and nice / and the other patients are also very curious; They ask questions / ask for cigarettes / check who they are dealing with. / You learn the rules and the framework / and the place really looks like a sanatorium.



d.

Time passes / and except for father and mother / no one visits / and no one calls. / Everyone forgot you outside. / and the routine repeats itself / but every day is a surprise, the pills have side effects / and the rest of the hospitalized are a bit "unstable". / The team suddenly ran out of patience / and you became for them / one of the pots.



God.

Suddenly someone erupts and becomes violent / suddenly someone tries to hurt themselves / and immediately disappear into a closed ward / permanently or for a while / and then come back broken. / In the meantime, some are released / and new ones come in their place / and some stay there as they are / for years.



and.

Soon you learn to know / who is a bad hit; There will always be the one who pokes his own ass / there will always be the one who collects buckets from the garbage and smokes / the staff uses the hospitalized as an auxiliary force at work; / And there are thefts, blockages in the toilets / and the showers are filthy new in the mornings / with bodily secretions of all kinds / and always, always, the hand soap runs out in the sinks.



G.

After a month you are already / praying / to be released from there as soon as possible / fast. / You are approved for weekend vacations / which you do at your parents' house / and feel like a prisoner on vacation; / You sleep with your wallet on you / and you're tired of the others / and you don't trust anyone anymore.



H.

You are trying to survive / in the madness soaked in the walls, / trying to find something of your own / to engage in, / solving crosswords or paintings / whatever / just keep calm, / not lose your sanity / and pass the dead time.



ninth.

The staff is joking at the expense of the hospitalized / nothing can be done / there is no point in complaining either, / it was so and so it will be / and you vow never to / make the same mistake again, / meanwhile swallowing the remnants of self-respect.



J.

The doctors are constantly busy, / you have to wait patiently / for them to call you if they want. / Everything is cumbersome / and you are under close supervision / under a magnifying glass / of the eyes of the nursing staff / at the nurses' station.

11

In the second month / from time to time you already cry / secretly, silently, or inside your heart; / sitting in the garden / and looking at the sunset / and what remains to be done / is to reflect on your broken life / and miss other times / (then, by the way, I started writing poems).



12

All of a sudden / an epidemic breaks out, / an unknown intestinal virus, / you and a few others / fall victim / to a week and a half of upset stomach, / fever, diarrhea, heartburn and vomiting, / no one cares / everyone keeps a distance / like AIDS carriers / and the staff suddenly cares / for hand soap in the sinks.



13

In the third month / the doctors suggest day hospitalization / and you immediately agree; / After so long / sleeping every night in your bed / seems like a gift from heaven. / Three or four times a week / you come to the ward in the morning / and leave in the afternoon, / when the nurses give you the pills in bags until the next time. / If you feel like it / you participate in the activities / and eat lunch / at the expense of the Ministry of Health. / You also go through gradual and excruciating withdrawal / from the sedatives / and every time you come home / you feel so happy and happy. / After another two months, / if everything goes well, / you are finally released / to continue treatment and rehabilitation in the community, / you leave with a scratch on your heart and two letters. / You will never forget what you experienced / you leave shaken and vulnerable / to a world that cares nothing, / You go out and are forced to continue surviving, / like before / and the hope you had / to "relax" or improve your situation, / turned out to be a nightmare./ If anything / the situation only got worse / and now you have to recover / or learn to live with what is.



And in your heart you ask / "How was I so stupid?"























































In the world of the ant



In the world of the ant

Love does not exist



In the world of the ant

There is no end to sweat and toil



In the world of the ant

They are all nurses for work and trouble



If the ant dies

(in hardship, battle or accident)

You will not cry for Mr. Fate. God may have created

Did you picture the ant?



































































the secret of happiness



with the chirping of the birds / at five o'clock in the morning

And in the evening on the bench / seeing the people walking

Then the secret of happiness is revealed



Blessed is the man who...

He followed a straight line



Blessed is the man who...

Didn't smoke or drink



Blessed is the man who...

slept at night and worked during the day



Blessed is the man who...

Look only at the good



Blessed is the man who...

He left Hima and let go of anger



Blessed is the man who...

loved



And today I know / this is my lot

You can't hope for more than that.

















































thank you song



 Thank you for having another day to live

 Thank you for having an outfit to wear

 Thank you I have money for medicine

 Thank you I have something to eat.



 Thank you for having cigarettes to smoke

 Thank you for having a roof over my head

 Thank you for having a warm bed to sleep in

 Thank you I am receiving medical treatment.



 Thank you that I don't live alone

 Thanks I feel generally good

 Thank you I get help when I need it

 Thank you my disease is dormant.



 Thank you I can function and take care of myself

 Thanks for being able to be independent with a little help

 Thank you that I am able to learn from mistakes and learn new things

 Thank you I am physically healthy



 Thank goodness I have a computer and an internet connection.























































and now you know



and now you know

And you will no longer rummage through the recesses of my mind for the answer



and now you know

Everything that was in the dark was burned in the light of day



and now you know

And you have already joined the traitors



and now you know

And I already knew it would be like that.



And now that you know everything

And there is no mystery and no curiosity

will you stay

here with me forever?

































































ready for love



My head hurts

My eyes are watering

I read your poem

For compassion and love



My head is dizzy

My heart aches

I read your letter

So many things to know

But I can't touch them



I'm not ready for love!

I'm not ready at all!

And maybe I'll never be ready again



My body is on fire

I will burn

Time reveals slowly

the meaning of life

And in my heart a prayer

Dull, silent

Be ready for love. for the whole world to see



A stunning sunset from the beach.

Two surfers in the distance / Above the seagulls fly

Your hand in my hand / my arm on your hip

Hugging on the beach / The waves caress our feet

And the breeze does us good.

There are no more questions and no more answers

The shame is gone / the fears have all melted away

It's just you and the dog playing with the waves now

The present belongs to us / the future is of no interest to anyone.

It's good for us now / and from our side - the whole world will see.













































































the twenty-eighth



1.

The twenty-eighth has arrived

Praise the Lord

You can breathe easy

and prepare for terrible days.

Buy food and cigarettes

The cheapest there are

Fill the fridge and pantry

Medicines and "monthly leave"

Pay bills, debts and rent

Praying to finish this month

and start living from hand to mouth.

day by day



2.

The twenty-eighth has arrived

Christ and rejoice

Everyone is suddenly a millionaire

for one day

Going to fuck in Tel Aviv

Going out to a restaurant or cafe

on the beach.

Order meat with beer

and look at the sunset

to feel life a little

before they run out.

Going on a shopping spree at the mall

Clothes shoes and brands

from the advertisements

(I buy means I exist).

Sending Lotto Toto Winner and Chance

and hope for a miracle.

Praying to survive the month

and start living from hand to mouth

day by day



3.

The money is over.

Tuna bread and water

and preserves we kept

for an emergency.

Smoking stubs from the ashtray

pass the time

while watching TV

that broadcasts advertisements

and counting the days

Until the next twenty-eighth.



The boys are coming



The boys are coming

whenever they want

They don't have a day

And they have no night.



The boys are coming

smoke drugs

in front of our faces

in front of our eyes.



We call the police

We call the municipal supervision

Mobile came

They laugh in their faces and leave

and return



the boys come

They love terribly

their corner

In front of our balcony

They look like they really do

budding offenders

Instill terror and fear

dancing to music

Their acid hip-hop.

fans at heart

Thieves, murderers and rapists

drug dealers

who got rich overnight

Just want a quiet place

to their sotol. The boys are coming

From bad or good houses

too much



The boys are coming

Another ten years

from a prison

from a madhouse

from a cemetery



The boys are coming

The boys go

Please let the boys play in front of us.







Wieners



We are winners

Life is a game for us

And the world belongs to us.



We are winners

We will step on corpses

to achieve our desire

all means are valid



We are winners

Always someone else

will clean up after us.



We are winners

Our money will open every door

And grease the wheels of law and justice



We are winners

Our love is to preach morality

to our victims



We are winners

Inside we are hollow

But outwardly we are like gods

We wait with dagger and blade

Prefer the eastern ones

and the false zodiac signs.



We are winners

Life is a game for us

And the world belongs to us.



































the hope



Hope is not lost yet

My hope is not lost yet

I will still have good days

and peaceful nights



I will visit the old neighborhood again

on a summer afternoon

And I will get to see eternal youth

Come back home



I will remember my days and I will know

Because my life was not in vain

I will write songs and stories mostly

And I will know that my heart lives within me.



The day will come when a man will correct his ways

Heaven and earth will be his forever

I will continue to laugh, smile and be happy

I will overcome the fear and sadness.



I will add more and I will know love

And I will get to see a blessing in my days.

Hope is not lost yet

My hope is not lost yet.

















































My childhood garden.



The birds still fly in flocks

Collecting seeds at the source

bathing their feathers in the puddles of water

The street cats lie dozing

On the yellow green grass

Warming up in the midday sun

And the trees are still standing exactly where they are

On them the greens play with the light

Just like before

In my childhood kindergarten.



The youth are back

from school for lunch

The children are playing

on swings and ball

The babies are in strollers

next to their mothers.

There will always be teenagers

Children playing

and toddlers in strollers

In my childhood kindergarten.



My childhood kindergarten will remain as it was

Only I changed beyond recognition.

My childhood garden

He is my little piece of God

A piece of nature with a mention of youthful grace.

I will always want to return to my childhood garden

Come summer and spring

Seeing my eternal youth

Returning home.



































the prophecy Ask Naari and I will tell you / about a self-fulfilling prophecy / about how and how we disappear from the lands of the living:



With a sensitive and rare soul / They come into the world / To hard-to-find families / To refugee and immigrant parents / In a hard and bitter land - a desolate land / At school they have no friends / Only beatings and teasing from little rascals / Their comfort is their loneliness / They play with themselves / They build their own private world / to which no one can enter; / Their heads are full of dreams and their hearts are full of life / Their future is uncertain, their fate is shrouded in fog / They grow like wild flowers / They grow in a greenhouse in a bubble of their own making. / When the time comes and their youth ends / When the time comes and grace ends / they finish high school - somehow / and go to the army / to be cannon fodder / or woodcutters and water pumps. / Their delicate and rare souls are then broken / Slowly or quickly / From the moment of the breaking / the prophecy begins to fulfill itself: / A broken soul is the sign of Cain / And life vomits them out of them, / They reach the bottom and rise slowly / They become in need of help and support / But abandonment and neglect is Some of them; / Their parents see them as a burden / Their brothers and sisters disappear / They are singled out, / Outcasts from life / In the company of the healthy and successful / There is no place for them. / They are sent to gather brothers in trouble / among the rest of those afflicted by fate / criminals, retards, lunatics, drug addicts, / and other lepers. / They never stand up for themselves, / Their lives are not theirs to live as they wish, / They will always be seen as retards or dangerous perverts, / They will always be pitied or feared, / They have no possessions and no money / They live by grace and not by right / The wasteland sees them as free eaters / and looking for a way to get rid of them, / so they are thrown / to a hospital or a prison

or to one or another degenerate institution. / They spend their lives / in hostels and sheltered housing / ghettos and gold cages / working in wretched factories for zero wages / their labor is not counted / everywhere they will be looked at with scorn / and gossip behind their backs. / In the middle of life / They no longer have dreams left, / In the middle of life / They already stop asking questions / Why and why and what did I sin? / In the middle of life / they accept the judgment / and wait patiently for the end. / And when the dreams die / fear and hope also die / fade and go out / like Shabbat candles / in loneliness in poverty in childishness and misery / they leave this world. They don't know all their lives / their delicate and rare soul / has neither sinned nor transgressed / only God / knows the mysteries / only to Him is the answer. / Because in a world that is all good / they will be the first / to come out eligible at the time of judgment / and their reward is great and very great. / Then their delicate and rare souls / will sing the lofty song / then they will be like dreamers / then everyone will say / increase my lord to do with these.











































Happiness



The happiness of a little boy

Satan has not yet corrupted

hug kiss and caress

from mother

And the paradise she calls by name

and tells him she loves him



The happiness of a little boy

Pure and true forever

The light and pride in his father's eyes

the onlooker

His hand was firm

supporting her tiny paw



The happiness of a little boy

costs nothing

discover for the first time

the magic of the world

start from the beginning

surrounded by love

wrapped in compassion

And to know nothing

on the bitter end.



















































A person writes



A writer is desperately looking for a reader

And the fire eats him from the inside



A writer is burned at the stake

And the fire eats his papers



No one will read his writings

But he continues on his own.



A breathing person has no choice but to breathe

A writer has no choice but to write.











































































When the token falls



The token drops for me too from time to time

A completely different token

The past suddenly takes on pale colors

Memory and imagination dance a dance without rules

Reality changes - simplifies and takes shape

And I act and speak strangely

Until I get to the hospital.

So bullets and therapy put the token back in place

And everything goes back to how it was.



I wrote you a last letter

And in it I wrote "the token has fallen."

But now the token is back in its place

And you are somewhere over the rainbow

Throw in a trash can

A crazy love letter.

































































The gardener and the crow



The dedicated gardener

With the arrival of your litter

Collect dead leaves into piles

with air blower

After a large outpouring of metal

and a rake

Moves their corpses to the trash

and from there to the crematorium.

The dedicated gardener is all in health

Erases all traces of autumn and winter

Erases the signs of the seasons

and always leaves behind

Eternal spring, artificial and sick. The dedicated gardener works

In the blazing sun and the pouring rain

The dedicated gardener

working in vain for the sake of the work itself

work for nothing.

No one will ever enjoy his labor.

In the madhouse

Barren flowers and fruits are prohibited.



If I were a crow

My mind then was like nature

cruel free and cunning;

Daily order was solid as a rock

And I would not hesitate for a moment

Spread my wings and fly

reads my reading from the blood freeze;

If I were a crow

I wouldn't write (probably)

I thrive where life rots

And my dwelling places were

The cemeteries and the insane asylums

I was free to take

What nature gives

I was alive over the dead

And I wouldn't complain.

My skin would take care of all my needs

And a cruel desire would get me my wishes.

If I were a crow

My mind then was like nature

And I would not hesitate for a moment

Spreads the wings of blackness and flies

reads my impure readings in the world.







freedom



Freedom for me is

get up when i get up

And know that I'm not late for anywhere



Freedom for me is

see ads

And to know that I don't have to buy anything



Freedom for me is

Transform feelings and thoughts

to the words of songs and stories

Although I am not David Avidan

And not Yehuda Amichai

And I probably never will be.

and in spite of that, and in spite of that

my words

Free on the wings of imagination

and the freedom to write them

He is my freedom to be



























































The end



The end came in the night shift

bedridden

broken femur

Pressure sores, water in the lungs

The heat is rising, the end is near

A brain that doesn't work properly

Ruined nerves

We don't know where we are

don't hear don't remember anything,

Tired and exhausted

Muttering fragments of sentences in an ancient language

Staff and doctors who don't care

A family that has already raised its hands in despair and sorrow

A life too long comes to an end

A hospital is a place where you die or survive

The end comes and saves unnecessary suffering.

The end is a friend

When life no longer has value.



The end came in the night shift

He takes us to

The place we belong.























































Life went on.



when I was a boy

I had everything

And I didn't know I was in heaven.

The world knelt before me

And life fulfilled all my wishes.

When I grew up and fell,

Life went on for them

without me Somehow I got up

And I sat down on the side of the road

Panting from the effort

No one came to my aid

No one comforted me

Because life moved on for them

without me



That's how I learned to survive

on the side of the road

People came and looked and left

I did all kinds of things

pass the time

I had many hobbies

I wrote songs

on the side of the road

But life went on for them

without me



For them I was already invisible

A metaphor for a dead person who has already passed away.

One day time will take its course

And all that is left of me

They are some paintings, photographs, pictures

and songs

that no one will read.



Because when life moves on,

They never look back.



















My mother paints



My mother paints

the beauties of the world in her eyes;

on canvas fabrics

in oil paints

on sheets of paper

in pencils and watercolors



My mother paints

the beauty of the world that surrounds her

Flowers and plants and still life

from photos and newspaper photographs

her mother and father

You are the donkey of Messiah

the view from the Hadera window in a hotel in Switzerland,



My mother paints

Perpetuates the beauty of the world

frames her photos

and hangs on the walls of her house.

And I look at the pictures

And see the eternal love

Forever in my mother's ever loving eyes.





















































The Old Master's Theory



The old master

back to the future

Somewhere in the stars

And left us with his teachings and his way:

First a commandment

Never feel sorry for yourself!

Even if you are poor!

No one will call my poems dangerous.

Second, don't give in to mediocrity!

There was a sovereign man!

Even if you're dressed to the nines.

Third, don't be a conformist!

Even if you are incomprehensible!

Always write your truth, hard,

The meat cutter.

Live fourth without compromise!

And don't follow the path of others

(Not mine either!).

go on your way

that she is all yours

And this is the entire Torah!























































me and you



You and I rebelled in heaven

Desperate rebellion stubborn rebellion

We have already gone all the way

We have already sinned in all sins

We have already chased all the vanities

We have already asked all the questions

And we tried all the answers

We suffered torment and ate bitterness

You and I went and went astray

And here we are, and we came back battered and bruised

Knee lows and wind lows

Knock on the door of the gate of mercy. The man who wanted to be a god



I am the wave

who wanted

to be a sea



I am the sea

who wanted

to be a river



I am the river

who wanted

be a waterfall



I am the waterfall

who wanted

to be an archer



I am the rainbow

which she wanted

to be a cloud



I am the cloud

who wanted

to be sunny



I am the man

who wanted

to be a god



I am the man

That was

And here they saw

I am no more!

































God will remember everything



The mouth that smiled, the mouth that laughed

The mouth that kissed you

We eat, we wear, we rot, we hurt and we are uprooted

And you turned to dust and ashes

You have become a longing memory



"Eternity is but ashes and dust"

As the famous song says

The tears of pain and sadness will also dry up

Life and love will also end in silence

Humans will remember for the rest of their lives

until they too become a memory,

Only God will not forget us

Only God will remember everything

And in his memory we will live forever.



































































I dreamed



I dreamed I was a drug addict

Drop somewhere in the south of Tel Aviv

injects into inflamed veins

Prohibited substances

in used syringes

And my whole world is the next dish

Sleeps in construction sites and abandoned houses

And the whole world abandoned me



I dreamed that I was homeless in New York

Freezes at night on a bench in Central Park

Or Len in a temporary urban shelter

Collecting alms per day

Wears bags and collects cans

with toothache and cough in the lungs

And the whole world ignores me



I dreamed that I was insane

Lived my whole life in a closed institution

Living under a psychiatric regime

Medical care and supervision around the clock

And I have already forgotten what it is to be me

Writes songs to pass the time

And comfort that at least I have

A bed to sleep in, clothes to wear and a roof over your head

And the world forgot me













































flavor of life.



Schizophrenic - what will be left of his life?

evening, morning, and health insurance medicines

Time passes month by month according to the prescriptions

It's raining, I miss summer

And in hamsin woven for the winter

A room in sheltered housing or a hostel

Four walls he could call home

And distant family is close for holidays and Saturdays. Schizophrenic - what is the point of his life?

Get up in the morning and immediately thirst for the taste of life

A large, cold bottle of Coca-Cola, a box of cigarettes and a lighter

And he drinks and smokes, smokes and drinks

His teeth, his lungs, his body and his life

and in his head in his head in his head

Butterflies fly

Dancing memories

and life dreams.



Schizophrenic - what does he have in his life?

going back and forth

Between now and

Between longing, longing, sadness, anger, and joy

Between yesterday's tear

to worry about tomorrow

And the silence of now.



Schizophrenic - what is left of his hope?

Chapters of the Psalms and a large cuppa

A prayer in the heart and a tear to God

and promise, promise, promise,

of the creator of the world

for full pay in the next world.

Looking through the window at the world outside and does not understand

and finds it difficult to console himself with the crumbs of his life.



























"Beauty"



There is no "good" in Japanese.

there is only "beautiful"

Because beautiful is good

And good is beautiful

That's why the devil is more beautiful

from god

And I look

About all these beautiful people

and asks

What has beauty done for the world?

The road to perdition

It is the most beautiful way of all.









































































My mother came to visit



Rain - my mother's tears

and my tears

cold rain outside winter

My mother came to visit me

A falafel dish, a hug, a kiss and a smile

Sitting, the house is cold.

You only tell me good things

Tells me funny things

Trying to make me smile and laugh and succeeding

The fridge is empty

She tells me to buy food and fill it up

Asking if I need anything

if i'm hungry

If I'm missing something

I don't lack anything - I answer

She asks if I can come for the weekend

I reply that I can't

That I better stay here until further notice

After three or four hours

She goes back to her home in another city

And I'm back in the hybrid

Smokes and drinks Nes coffee over and over for the rest of the day

My mother has her own life apart from me

And I have my own little life



Rain - my mother's tears... when we parted

And my tears... after she was gone.











































the song of eternity Listening to the eternal song

And we will remember you

So the black tear

And the conquered fury

Leaving for a moment

And great peace suddenly came

When I remember

in something real



I will always remember you

and you

Jerusalem

covered in white snow

Somewhere at the end of the millennium



Listening to the eternal song

A song you dedicated to me

When our path began to diverge

You left me the song

as a gift for life

which cannot be taken back

You commanded me then to always remember

Because I had a true friend

And tell me in a song

Because if only you could

you would let me go

for free











































The victim of decisions



the moods

Hitting my sails

shake me

to whomever they wish



and in my soul

Sparks and sparks

of my intelligence and awareness

intermingle with each other



when drunk in a storm

I will fight to keep

on direction

And I don't know anymore

What is an object district?



And from the eye of the storm

In my wake she shouts to me:

"You are a victim of circumstances"

And against her

My mind is like a distant lighthouse

Bright:

"Each person is the victim of his own decisions."



The Crusade



A man who lost everything

His soul is free



A man who was betrayed by justice

The truth will comfort you



A person who was betrayed by humans

He will find his peace in God's love



A man who was a scapegoat

The gates of heaven are open to him



A man who suffered all his life

By suffering he bought his world forever



When we lose everything

and are led naked before a mob

Roar hates and mocks

Towards our becoming nothing

So we are pure and completely ready

For the moment of redemption. Salvation Street



On HaGaula Street

The answer is found

Some in fire and some in water

You come to Salvation Street

With the heavy weight of your life and years

which is getting more and more burdensome

with each step up

On your way to the answer

You will enter the Holy of Holies

And the prophecy is spoken

and on your way out

Those waiting in line there look at you

and can already know

According to body language and jealous -

Here is a man who already knows

And you come out of Salvation Street

deal with the rest of your life

and feel that you are reborn

Pure and pure

Even the darkest sky

Bright and beautiful in your eyes

On HaGaula Street

 

seventh of Passover



The morning rises

Like electronic synthesizer sounds

Everything is in its right place

The singer of Radiohead

 Opens the gates of dawn for me

The paleness of the sky and the chirping of birds

A cheap Chinese table lamp

Illuminates my room with fluorescent light

Kid A is playing from the computer

presents the gospel of the 2000 years

to the electronic future that awaits us

and from which it is impossible to escape

Cigarettes in the ashtray Cough and phlegm when waking up

Everyone is still dreaming

the last vapors of sleep

The calm before the storm of the day

Sipping great coffee

Soft light as the sound of a sonata

We will enter through the window

I shook slowly

and prepares to grab his loose ends

of today -



 

Lonely Night Photography 2003



Tonight with my film camera

With photo film that is highly sensitive to light - special for night photography

begins to walk towards the pedestrian city center and the city garden which is next to the winery

The last businesses are already closing

Only the explosions and the bars and dance clubs remain open

Walking and photographing the empty streets in the light of the night lanterns

Walks fearlessly and photographs fearlessly in the heart of urban discrimination

the closed mall and the revelers entering and exiting the entertainment venues

The abandoned city garden and the homeless sleeping on the cardboard boxes

the video machines and the clients who come to them in the wee hours of the night

Renting a blue ribbon in the middle of the street for a desperate and lonely night

the boys who get drunk and make out for them in the public gardens

The black sky without a star and the sick and pale moon

The broken heart in the wet eyes of a young girl at the entrance to a dark pub

the loneliness in the eyes of all the people of the night wherever they are

the closed shops on the streets of a ghost town. In a few years, there will be no film for cameras

In a few years I will no longer go out armed with a camera into the black night

But I will lock myself in my house under curfew until morning.



 

*

Sad and old pop songs

Reminds me of the eighties

Innocent Japanese anime series

where you could be a boy

and be beautiful like a girl

To be a girl more beautiful than a girl



And we knew nothing

On the land of the rising sun

about the yakuza

On the Um Shinkaro cult

about the endless studies

about the sick planning

From the cradle to the grave

on death from overwork

About Hiroshima and Nagasaki

About Pearl Harbor

We knew nothing

About the Harakiri rituals





 

The Archaeologist of Sleep



I'm trying to restore

feeling or sensation

I'm trying to revive a memory

but does not succeed

because the mind

Heaven and hell are hidden in it

too busy

in neurons and blood vessels

Caffeine, nicotine and drugs





Maybe only in the dream job

Feelings can be restored

And feelings of happiness are hidden and dim

which were buried under

The tired layers of dust

of time





 

do not be jealous



Don't envy the view from your window

Do not envy the sunrise or the sunset

Not in the garden and flowers

Not even in the greener grass



Don't envy the view from the window of your heart

But open it and be one with life...





 

Meeting at midnight



In moments of terror and trembling

In dead hours of suffocating sadness

in sleepless and restless nights

In the days of loss of hope and disaster

Go outside in your dream

to the open air

Come back to me in your memory

Come out and meet me at midnight

At the gates of the Garden of Mercy

And I will then reveal a secret to you

Because the gates are open

When the stars are lit and the white is lit

Together we will enter the garden

And I will then reveal a secret to you

Because you are not alone in the world

Because I will comfort you and be with you

And you are protected and loved

Your hard times will pass

I will be with you in spirit and soul

wherever you go

In the darkness of the night I will hold your hand

And will not let up

I will hug you when you cry

I won't leave you alone

until the light comes on

I will not leave you until the dawn of the new day

When you wake up from the darkness

To a new hope. You are right



I was right, I was suddenly lost

in the middle of my way

I've been searching ever since

Halfway



I was right, I was suddenly lost

In the middle of my songs

I've been searching ever since

In the tangle of my words



The simple truth got away from me

Therefore I will retrace my steps

Therefore beware of Rahab's words

Therefore I will stay away from big words

Simple truth I will look for

A simple truth that I had and missed

Somewhere along the words

And I will come back and find her

And I will not continue even though

Until I find it again

my simple words

my righteous words. Valentine's heart



As brides another day another month and another year

During my crazy life

While I eat I smoke and exhaust myself to know

I listen to a sad old song

again and again and again

And knows that one day all this will end

One day I won't be anymore

So my body will dwell in dust

And my soul will be healed in the garden

So my spirit will float on the surface of the water

And my soul will come to visit you

In a dream you will not understand its meaning

I will come to visit you in your dream

Ask for forgiveness and announce departure

A puzzle for you

And in a dream we will be separated

And the love that has no name

Come true for a moment





 

mother and son



The mother and her little son exist forever

in films of all eras

In old Walt Disney and Charlie Chaplin movies

In Danny Kaye's comedies

that have undergone a Technicolor process

and remain young



The mother and her little son exist forever

in their cozy and sheltered little house

In front of the educational television broadcasts

In the late eighties and early nineties

Chocolate ice cream and cold Coca Cola

In the summer of happiness which cannot be known Fisher

of fun that should never end

But only after many years

When the son who has grown up already

will return to visit his old parents' house

So will find out that





 

*

Ants never fly anywhere

They never leave the nest

Their lives are a burden of suffering and barrenness

And end up being trampled at the feet of fate

And the butterflies fly to them among the flowers

Disappear in the horizon of the setting sun

And at night they make love with the burning fire

Until the end of life until the end of the soul

I was and remain a tired ant

And you were meant to be a butterfly

So we never had a chance

Except for the moments of sweet illusion

 

Blade Runner



The movie still has meaning to me

Also to a soundtrack that calms me down

And helps me fall asleep



Los Angeles after ecological holocaust

Science has already lost all rein

And below all these

A desperate love story

at its core

the ignorance



You laughed at the movie

You didn't bother to understand at all

And I even read the book

I am sick of my dignity

I didn't bother to explain



But always before bed

When you heard what-not

in the headphones of your Discman

I put the disc in the system

And all night in a weak loop

The sad and soothing sounds were heard



I always liked to hear

I didn't eat enough

The cool atmosphere music

Calmed my mind

And always reminded me

Ignorance applies to everyone

And the music is all that's left

May the knowledge between us both. So what do you do when you're not writing songs?



without the words

I am a very small person

Like everyone else, he goes to the grocery store in the morning

buy bread and milk

And on the way back and forth he forgets

myself and who i am

Getting lost in the big world outside

Only in front of the computer in the room

I feel equal to the world

Asher peeks at him from the screen

all of existence

the inner and the outer

I keep in organized folders

And also prints and backs up if necessary

I create my own place within an empty space

The brain degenerates and the body ages

But my entire being

Immortalized to her in digital files

And electronic wind floats on the surface of the water





 

striptease



It would have been better to keep quiet

It would have been better to keep silent

Let life pass us by

And to not know anything - to remain blank

It would have been better to live a modest little life

No hubris without megalomania

To walk neither big nor heroic

without leaving a trace on the shifting sands of time



But not! The temptation could not be resisted

We opened our mouths and started chanting

And our fingers started playing on the keyboard

words sentences whole stanzas

Our hearts spread in Phrasia

We became naked and naked

crystal clear

We willingly gave away all our secrets

At the mercy of deaf ears

And everyone who wants to will read us like an open book

For all our flaws and all our sins

We became strippers in the strip show

of the poetry and soul club





 

*

Poetry is the occupation of crazy people

Poetry is financial suicide

There is a connection between poetry and samurai

which is always before performing the safuku ceremony

They would write a haiku poem

for the memory of the days





 

The last book



They came early for a meeting at the publisher

Two old parents and their sick writer son

Made it all the way from a distant city

The editor-in-chief received them with great hospitality

In his narrow damp room books

"The handwriting is good, you can see that there is talent"

he said and immediately added

"It's just a shame that literature is dead

People don't read books anymore"

Then they went into a meeting with the owner of the publisher

"We would be happy to publish your manuscript

At your expense" she said and immediately added

"But you will never be able to profit from your number

or cover the expenses"

And the sick writer son looked at his old parents

And his old parents pulled out the checkbook

They signed the contract and paid in installments

And so another book was published





 

It is impossible to write Jonah Wallach



1. It is impossible to write Jonah Wallach

You can only imitate - a cheap imitation

Because it is no longer possible to write Yona Wallach

Without voluntarily being hospitalized in an insane asylum to go crazy

without getting stuck in the journey to ace. enough.

Without growing up with a grizzly bear mother and a struggling father

No androgyny

Without preying on men and women at night

and get up in the morning alone

Without wanting to know and be everything and pay the price

That is why it is no longer possible to write Yona Wallach

You can only read Jonah Wallach.



2.

Everyone is not feeling well

Everyone is always not feeling well

Everyone has a hard time sleeping

Everyone drinks black coffee in white batter

And their hands are shaking and they have tics in their legs

and circles around the closed eyes

Everyone wants to smoke all the time

Everyone is taking medication, everyone is on pills and shots

And always everyone does not feel well.



 

Living room conversations



We sit in his living room and talk about poetry

The tea has a spicy taste of chutzelartz

and his living room conversations

There is a suffocating aroma of high IQ

That's not my cup of tea

And it's not my league at all

I am the mouse out of its hole

And he is a doctoral student in philosophy

Somehow we get to talk about the poetry

David Avidan's avant-garde

"Everything he did has already been done

Fifty years before him, the surrealists in Europe -

It turns out that the greatness of David Avidan is

The fact that he was the first to do so in Hebrew -

Nothing more."



He studied Freud

About the surrealists about Karl Marx

He has a huge library and he has read it all

I'm talking about Jonah Wallach and Avidan

He talks about Warhol and Baudelaire

About Arthur Rambo and Dada

I speak Hebrew, he speaks foreign

I am a person from the little Land of Israel

He is the great man of the world

We say goodbye and I go back to my room

His hospitality was exemplary

He didn't judge me

And there was no need to make a good impression on him

I return to a white night in front of the computer in the room

I go back to the same songs on transistor radio

We each returned to our fate - - - - - - - - - - - - -

- - - - - - - - - - - Tonight was an unusual time - - -

Our two worlds met to talk in the living room... Behind every poet



Behind every poet

Something is missing

insanity or mental illness

bleeding wound



Behind every poet

Stupidity also stands

and the pathetic

The separation of time and place

Hubris or a childhood dream

Deep frustration

Infantilism and megalomania

Narcissism and graphomania



Yes all of these

All these also stand

Behind the poet and poetry

and in spite of that and in spite of that

May God have mercy on humanity

Because poetry is written for the gods





 

the madman in the attic



Sitting and waiting and missing you between the songs

Old nostalgic sad music

Blues and jazz until dawn

Israeli rock from the nineties



Outside the thought police

Internet police

The political correctness police

Big Brother Police

The paranoia police in my mind

Patrolling the streets and calling me names

cross-references information and analyzes browsing history

intercepting emails

Collects information like falling leaves in autumn



sitting and waiting for you

That you come and get me out of this hole

You procrastinate and take your time

You will never come and I wait for you in vain

No one will disturb the madman's rest



I will become unwilling

To the madman in the attic

who once was a handsome, arrogant, arrogant and proud prince

Until an evil fairy bewitched him and turned him

To an ugly old evil princess at the top of the tower

And a knight of her heart put a tap on her a long time ago

And never came to remove the spell





 

I liked



She is my love in life

Drink Coca Cola, chain smoke

and idle in front of the computer writing songs



I have a deadly long term love

Parasite for body and mind and society

Blood sugar and tooth loss

Blockage of blood vessels and calcification of arteries

Aitran and tar are carcinogenic to the lungs

Lack of productive function and failure to comply with the simplest tasks

Empty refrigerator and chronic difficulty to finish the month



My love is the flavor of my life

And I will pay the price for her

In my life and in my life

For the rest of my life



 

The room I grew up in



I still remember him -

The room I grew up in

the bookcase

attached to a large desk

the small balcony

facing the garden below

the pencils and erasers

the pilot pens and the pencil pens

the messy drawers

and the notebooks and brochures of the school

The Hebrew Encyclopedia and the old books

the ritual of writing in the personal diary at night

the schoolbag and school diary

and the to-do list notebook

The silence and the boredom

the loneliness and the sadness

And I wander the sleep



It was a room where the walls were painted light blue

My mother's paintings hang on his walls

A room of an Ariri monk

The living is under a regime of physical, mental and spiritual austerity

A room where I almost lost my mind

A room where I cried for hours without knowing why

A room where I understood that something was not right in reality

And something terrible and terrible and bad is about to happen -

But I didn't know what



and on the TV in the living room

They aired Elef the Cosby Family

You are Murphy Brown

The Simpsons is it

And every big holiday is early in the morning

There was Nils Holgersson flying with the geese

Dorothy with the scarecrow and the tin man

They got lost in the land of Oz

The Transformers battled the Rogues

Claudius eventually became a Roman emperor

and Captain James T. Kirk and Spock

Explore the galaxy from the Enterprise

And I would see everything

And I would daydream for hours

To forget and not think

About how horrible and terrible and how wonderful

About how bad and good I feel at the same time



I would watch everything on TV

on the one and only channel

And I dream during the day that I will enter the world of television

And everything becomes magical and good, happy and cheerful

That I play and laugh with Bart Simpson

And every night Bill Cosby puts me to sleep

And promises me that no matter what

Everything will always be fine tomorrow too

And if it's not okay, then at least it will be funny and not terrible



I still remember it - the room where I grew up





 

1995



Enjoy while you can guys

Enjoy what little you have left

This year is the last

without you knowing



Finished high school

Finished the graduation

Do what you can to be okay

with everyone or like everyone

As you always do



You don't know what will happen in the future

you don't know what you want

But without you knowing all this doesn't matter

Life and the future will already decide everything for you

What you will be or not and what you will do or not

How you will live or not and what your life will look like

Life will take you wherever it wants



Sit in front of the TV guys

And squeeze out another drop of stress laughter and cry

Have another wonderful meal

with your family

Before the peace is shattered

Read your books

And a boyish daydream

A wonderful last dream

Life is about bravery, laughter, happiness and love





 

I was loved



In the dewy days of childhood

Before the era of hate

During Shabbat walks in orchards and gardens

Near Home

I would be loved

I would be drawn to the love that knows no bounds

Embraced by my family

And I didn't know how lucky I was

In the days of childhood paradise

Before the age of the sick

I would find my peace

In my sick days on the living room sofa

And my grandmother would heal me with her care

I would be gathered into the peace which has no limit



I have indeed been loved in my life

I was loved by God



 

The jumping fish beach

                 

                        to his



do you still remember

A trip at the age of twenty

Me, you and Rotem - three friends

Three days and two nights

Like Holden Caulfield in Eilat

The youth hostel

Dolphin Reef

Coral reef

Mc David

And you took us to your secret beach

To whom you ran away from the army at the time

Near the border with Jordan at the end of the boardwalk

And there we heard the fish jumping

at sunset

And songs were heard in the background from the beach of the singer Shaday



do you still remember

You forget the past with its good and bad

I mentioned the trip to you

And you suddenly wanted to end the conversation

Something in your voice suddenly trembled

As if a thread hidden inside you will break

Maybe that's why you prefer to forget

the time of which there is nothing left

The jumping fish beach

It was there thousands of years before us

And it will be there thousands of years after us

Waiting patiently for someone to discover it. Shoots and cries



September 1995

In the rookie base

in the range

We trained for the first time

shooting at targets

in a supine position

I was a pissing rookie

M-16 submachine gun holder

long old and clumsy

Surplus equipment from the Vietnam War

which was sold to the Defense Forces

to Israel

Five live bullets in the cartridge

We shot them individually

on dead cardboard targets

Earplugs stuck deep



I was dying to pee out of fear

The mechite shouted fire

My finger trembled on the cold trigger

All the stupid toy guns

of my childhood passed through my mind

"Forgive me, father, for I have sinned"

I slowly aimed the gun

Shoots and cries shoots and cries

And the goal he had was here

was screaming

"Shema Israel!"



 

self Portrait



Old photo -

A portrait of a young man

looks like a know-it-all

His tiger gaze is going to devour life

A cigarette in the corner of his mouth

Dressed in his best vests

Tempting the camera

Arrogant, so arrogant

Portrait of the young man

His hair has not yet fallen out before turning white

His belly has not yet swelled

His teeth have not yet turned yellow and rotted

His sharp and cynical mind

Not yet dull and faded

His clothes are in the spirit of fashion and the period



Wait wait young master





 

when everything was new





when everything was new

When we first discovered the world

The music is from my sister's room

would vibrate our tender hearts

tears of happiness and love

(Here I embellish the truth -

because there were also many tears)



when everything was new

And the world is young

His kindness had no end

It was poured out like honey and milk

on cornflakes

of champions' breakfasts





And when we got sick, hope was still not lost

Because despite the gray water of the future

above our heads

We were still too young and naive to understand

We looked at the world with curious eyes

And we said, "We will go to our fate, whatever it may be."

We thought we could handle everything

And we left our parents' house

for institutions and frameworks



Cheap cigarettes and Coca Cola

Cleaning and cooking staff and guides

Everything was still new

Both the misery and the difficulty

which we did not pay attention to

We laughed and cried

We loved and hated

in all our innocent hearts

We devoured life

As only madmen can





In the end, our fate caught us

Today we live on pills

The world is no longer new

And we are not young anymore

We no longer have the power or the innocence

to attack life





 

me and no one



When I was banished from the terror of my youth

When I was thrown out into the world

And somehow I ended up in housing It was nobody

who greeted me

With a smile and kindness

And no one was my friend

The only and the best

when i had trouble

No one ever offered to help

When I was sick on white nights

and on dark days

No one was there to listen and support

understand and help

No one was my true and only friend

All those lost years

And when I cried

It was always no one who comforted me



In the end, nobody's time came

to leave the world

And out of grief I became like him

I became nobody in the end



But in no one's place

A young and new one arrived for housing

Reminded me of myself at the beginning of my journey

I felt sorry for him and decided to help him

As no one helped me at the time



 

the idiot



"There is a thin line between courage and stupidity"



The idiot is me - at the end of the day

say and write and do the right things

without understanding their meaning in the deepest and most fundamental sense

but out of altruistic imitation

of a monkey after a man

Or an actor in a play that no one sees

And thus make a fool of yourself

An object of scorn and ridicule and loneliness



The idiot is me - in the end

To tell (your) truth without believing it

without being loyal to her

without being willing to pay the price for it

And so you come off as a liar and a traitor

And so you lose your truth

In a tangle of lies and half-truths

And we will remain ignorant and ignorant in constant ignorance



In your world the sun will always be hidden by the clouds

You don't have the courage to look at the light yet

Shade and shadows are your safe place

And only the light of the stars and the white

Calm your breathing

The idiot is me - without a doubt

This is how it is when you live in care...





 

In the terrible days



see me god

sadly advancing the dawn

Smokes a chain of cigarettes to. enough. excise

Made by Japan Tobacco International

Made in Turveli, Turkey

And suddenly I'm tickled to delete the entire computer

and disconnect from the Internet permanently

For the millionth time

And by the skin of my teeth I will refrain from doing so

For the millionth time

And instead I write this song





Hear me God

And please don't hide your face from me

Precisely when I try not to run away from my responsibility

For my sins, my iniquities and my mistakes

Precisely when I feel deep regret

Precisely when I am ready to take responsibility and admit

in everything and everything

Just the way you like it so much



see me god

A sad man on the verge of tears

A lost and clueless person

A man who is afraid of his own shadow

Please don't hide your face from me

Hail the year and its curses

And a new year and its blessings will begin



2010-09-07 Tuesday 06:57



 

Farewell to blog T. V. It's strange now to think of you

Lost to me forever somewhere in infinity

When the morning light hits my eyes and my mind hurts

The one and only Julie

Relives the moment I fell in love with you

Virtually real

When I first saw your face on the webcam

You gave me details about yourself

I didn't care if they were real or not

Among all the tormented souls

of this dark shell world

Thousands of lost souls are desperately searching

Looking for Lilith the Queen of the Underworld

Looking for sex and attention

Respect rating laughs

Among all these perverts I dived after you

looking for love

Rooms are managed by virtual managers

And patrolling blog cops

And when I would manage to find you

In some blog or chat room

in the wee hours of the night

The heart began to beat strongly

My palms were sweating as I typed

Desperately trying to exchange messenger addresses

But you laughed

You elegantly evaded courtship attempts

And then after a few moments of bliss

Disappears again without explanation

I saved the chat transcript

I already knew dozens of surfers

Heavy addicts here in the shell world

I already knew all the possible types

Knows what everyone is looking for and what they want

There are no friends here and there is no shoulder to cry on

This is hell on earth -

The worst place to look for love

And it's been three months that you haven't had a trace



It's strange now to think of you

as lost somewhere in infinity

the virtual



 

*

And here we are in the middle of life

Crushed hurt and scared

And alone in the dark

And in our distant childhood

We dreamed that at this time

We will be tough

Like Humphrey Bogart

In some film noir movie

But here we are crying and whining

Like a puppy thrown out into the street

And we don't want to worry anymore

our aging parents

who love us

We don't want to worry them

We protect them

That's why we turn more and more to the professionals

And so they sink more and more

into the hospital... *

that winter

we were alone

Alone in an empty apartment

which was all ours

We photographed the raindrops and the winds

To remember that we were here

We warmed to cynical and illusory advertisements

Against the coldness of emptiness that penetrated the bones

As our youth withered

The nights grew paler

The phone bill was also very high

We jealously guarded the souvenirs

And we lived on the remnants of memories

The taste of blandness gradually took over everything

We learned firsthand about our natural place

The smallest and unimportant in the world and in life

If only we had the patience

to get through that winter in moderation

Everything would look different

That damned winter is spilled milk

Like a frozen river along the Siberian tundra





 

All the happy families



"...all happy families are alike

But the unhappy families are each unhappy in their own way..." (Lev Tolstoy)



There is a happy family

Asher does not know that she is happy

Projected in our living room window

Mainly on Fridays and Saturdays but also the rest of the year

We peek at them through the cracks of our dilapidated home

And our hearts are pinched and we are jealous and maybe even cry inside

And we say to ourselves

God probably loves them more

Their lives are quiet, routine and restful



And on Friday evening when the father returns from the evening prayer

Everyone sits like kings for the Shabbat meal

And the candles are lit and they do Kiddush

And we see all this and miss it

To my father and mother's house and to my late grandmother's food

to our childhood and youth of old

When we didn't know we were happy

And we didn't know how good we were

Before the anxieties of hospitalizations, drugs and doctors

Before we left for our destiny in a cruel world with a fearful heart and no choice

Before happiness became science fiction for us



There is a happy family in front of our window in the living room

And from time to time we glimpse them through the cracks of our worn-out lives. to love your self



Here come good moments

And I shave more than once a week



And suddenly I take out a bottle of French perfume

And on a perfectly normal day

Splashes eau de toilette on my neck

And the fragrance of spring flowers permeates my flesh



And suddenly I'm growing a little French beard

And here I am changing into new and clean clothes

More than once a week



And here I am wearing my silver ring

Engraved in the Shema reading

And it feels right even to God

who loves me more

than I ever knew or will know



Here come good moments

less difficult

in which I allow myself to be

And neither punishes nor neglects nor abuses

And here I am looking into my eyes in the mirror

without fear and without shame and without anger

Here I look into my eyes with a compassionate look

And from my eyes my tormented and frightened soul

looking back at me

And from my eyes go free

The trapped tears





 

The litter cats



The insane are locked up in wards

Bathing in feces

Getting beaten up

Get drunk from the ass

Life in a universe

of vomit and blood

and side effects

In the underworld we will hide

In which there is only one law

"All Dalim is a man"



And then suddenly

are released to the community

live in the ghettos

And the cages of despair of the associations

Learn the rules of the street

the cruel

to grind and live in the filth of existence

of the bottom of society

Because the mentally ill always are

The litter cats of society



 

First hospitalization



The telechart is almost empty of conversations

And with a trembling hand they dial the number

Someone answers -

And they cry and beg for their lives

standing and trembling in the wretched inner courtyard

The full is polluted with cigarette butts and excess sorghum

A pungent smell of urine lingers in the air

Begging them to come take them home

Until one of those who once believed in them

Father or mother or grandmother

A brother or maybe a sister

promise to come visit

They promise not to forget them

who still love them and think about them

And one day they will be released from there

And the good old days will return

But after the end of the conversation they seal their hearts





 

The best department in Israel



Sitting at half past six in the morning

and on an empty stomach and a cup of coffee

Arguing - which hospital is the best

Which psychiatric department is the best in Israel



Tel Hashomer 2nd class open year 1995?

Or a day hospitalization in peace in 1971?

(in the barracks before they built the buildings)

And in Yaakov's well another hour and a half and an hour and a quarter

They will open the dining room and there will be someone who will shout

"Come Eat!” and a tsunami of hospitalized patients will flood in

Who wants porridge? And who wants a milk or white delicacy?

A thin thin salad, a slice of bread with butter

Hard boiled egg and soft white cheese

Sitting and thinking about all this

In Segura in Pardesia in 1998 there was the most food!

Gaha was the hardest - and the most stingy with food!

One of us is missed to this day

The sweet tea of ​​Tel Hashomer in the seventies

(in the barracks in front of the building)

And the miracle of Ziona? I don't remember anymore

The years of our lives pass between hospitalizations

And the cool morning will remind

the dining room in the morning at Beer Ya'akov

With the smell of the plates, the glasses and the blue bowls

The smell of dishwasher detergent

And with sadness we remember that already all over the country

Hospitals are closing

And all departments become closed

And there is no better cure than relaxation and recovery

Never actually was either

Except for psychotic nostalgic memories





The department hahah hiiiiiii tttttttwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood

Bbabaaaartzzzzzzz (zzzzzzz.... )))

(((the most)))

((((Tatuba)))

(((in the country???)))





 

Breakfast in the afternoon



The greatest disaster in life is always -

Get up after twelve in the afternoon

wake up slowly

Coffee after coffee cigarette after cigarette

and find out that we have to go to the grocery store again

Buy Mickey tahini and cola pitas and cigarettes

(And a lighter! Don't forget a lighter!)

Hardly get up and immediately - cleaning duty in the sheltered housing

And the house mother is already knocking on the door and urging you to clean

And she doesn't care that much

You just started the day on the wrong foot



The biggest disaster is always

Get up after twelve in the afternoon

To a dirty house and an empty fridge

And to know that all the songs you wrote at night

They will not be able to release you from the debts of life





 

A broken truth



If I didn't love you

If I didn't know

If I hadn't been hiding from myself

I would see the broken truth

Already then

I would see you and the face of things

As they really are - and then

with an angelic smile on my lips

And in single, precisely measured sentences

in perfect sentences

I would tear it apart

You and your beautiful lies





 

tefillin



I had tefillin

and are not

A large tallit with a kippa and arrangement

I had everything I needed

feel holy

to feel righteous

to feel Jewish

new clean

daily worship



I had tefillin

and are not

put every day on a weekday

according to the custom of the Spaniards

"And I inherited you"

as a consecration ring

Between my soul and God



With time as much as I was careful

And I imagined myself a saint

I deceived myself with impurity

And there was no bigger lie

When I lied to myself

until an evil spirit came

and ate the Tefillin

The tallit and the arrangement

until there is nothing left





I was left with a kippah and a book of psalms

to cry and pray for heaven's mercy

"I called you from the depths"

until my voice fell silent

And I will not continue reading in vain.



 

*

this is life

This is life itself

who betray us in the end

which rust us

which end in us

This is the life that

They make us names

And dissolve our dreams

Like sea waves the sand castles

That's not the Coke

or the cigarettes

or the disease

or the drugs

or whatever

This is life itself

which are running out in us

which suddenly rise upon us

to our brides

It's nobody's fault

It is not the fault of anything

This is life itself. About the place, time and life



The truth must be told about this place

Truth without anger

Compassionate truth

No one is ever truly happy here

Sorrow and suffering drain here

Nagrim -

And we do our best

not to hurt each other

More than necessary.



The truth must be told about this time

Truth forgives

Truth is complete with itself

Time does not heal anything here

The old problems just grow old and die

And in their place new problems are born

Time makes you come to terms with everything

In the end

out of forged indifference

of a man whose time has run out.



The truth must be told about this life

honest truth

And it is because in order to survive this life

We must always lie to ourselves

One must always move from hope to hope

And even money

He will no longer be able to save this life

of their misery

All that remains

is to believe the unbelievable

to believe for some reason

Because the end will still be good.



prehistory



1.

And the tribes lived in caves

And the tribes slaughtered each other for the hunting grounds

And the men went hunting or fighting

And the women cleaned the blood and dressed the wounds

Wash the blood from the skins in the river

And make sure that the holy fire does not go out

And the men returned from the slaughter

and their husbands the women

And the women gave birth and gave birth to dozens

And the children grew up to be like their fathers and mothers

Because there was no love in the world

The pagan priests smoked drugs and were holy lunatics

And the head of the tribe was crueler than anyone

And the weak were trampled and did not survive

And there was never a solution



2. And the people lived in ghettos within countries

And the people did everything for money

And the men went to work

And the women ironed the clothes and cleaned the floors

and cooked the meals

And the men came back from work smelling of sweat

and lay with the women

And the women gave birth to children

And the children grew up in front of the television and the radio and the computer

and became like their parents

And the parents saw them as just another mouth to feed

And there was no love in the world

The religious priests were mercenaries

Corrupt and insane narrow-minded people

And the head of state was a fascist disguised as a democratic leader

And the weak would be trampled and die and not survive

And there was never a solution





 

Jerusalem



*

big city

Gray and cold, bitter and lonely

Like stones on a tombstone

I hate you Jerusalem

You are what you have become

compared to what you could have been

You are a city of blood and hatred

You have no love, Jerusalem

God doesn't love you anymore

And you will not stick to my tongue and my right hand will not be forgotten

I will be stoned in your streets

On your hills they will crucify me

And in your caves they will bury me

Resh and Avion burial

And on the third day I will be resurrected

And I will go free



*

Ancient crosses that are a thousand years old

Engraved in the stone walls of Jerusalem

The sound of bells is ringing in your churches

for Sunday mass

The stones of the wall knew you, Jerusalem

Just as they knew all the tears

And the prayers of armies of believers

A crescent moon rises at midnight in your sky

A muezzin calls for prayer in the fourth reserve

and in Ayelet Hashar in the synagogues

Morning prayer begins



*

Jerusalem the city of beliefs and prayers

The city of superstitions and sins

I came to your gates as a little faith beggar

And I ran away from you like a beaten and unclean dog



Peace be upon Jerusalem, the daughter of a king

The broken city of Zion together

Lost like the broken tablets of the covenant





 

Jerusalem Syndrome



What did my parents send me for?

fifteen years ago

To a rehabilitation institution in Jerusalem?

A small crumbling Jerusalem stone boarding school

Five minutes from the broken public phone

Near the old Muslim cemetery

Always take line 18 out of the city

The living, breathing, bustling, vibrant city

the alienated cold foreign city

Indifference to tears

What did I get from her and what do I have left?

to gather into myself like a falling star

look back at a place

who bore the name of my youth in vain

To remember how we used to light up the night sky

And in daylight we would dazzle the sun



 

*

The Sabbath was said

All the chapters of the Psalms

Letters and verses saints

bloomed in the air of the room

I felt how I prayed

segments the upper classes

On the wings of the Shekinah

And my sins become white as the snow of Jerusalem

But on Saturday night the stomach rumbled

And the refrigerator was also white in its emptiness

So I left my house in the cold starving dogs

And I ate a cheeseburger at McDonald's

And I came back

On a road not a crooked and winding road

to my existing apartment

in underwear



I got home

From Petam to Cabbage

and sad

to tremble with fear until morning





 

your god



your god

He is not my God



your god

He lived among the pages of the Gemara and the Egyptian Talmud

He lived between Halacha rulings and modesty observances

He lived in the castes of repentance

your god

I only see black



your god

He is a jealous, petty and vindictive god

"Proves sons over fathers"

Like your rabbinate

your god

Will never look beyond

for better and for worse

your god

He is the god of hate

as you hate me



your god

will never be my god



 

*

In the dreams that haunt me recently

The whole world is rats and spiders

A world in eternal world war

Rival street gangs and violence

A world of debilitation of the human spirit

And when I wake up in the mornings

Sunny and birds singing

I understand what many are the grace of God

I found him on the edge of the abyss

At the bottom of the madhouse





 

Kabbalat Shabbat



In the Reform Synagogue

There we prayed

There he sings praises to God

Fearlessly and out of love

Old and young men and women

Ashkenazim and Sephardi together -

We welcomed Shabbat the Queen

And after that, we had a dessert of serefim cake

and a plate of wine and honey

We played the guitar for heaven and earth

And we are wearing white holiday clothes

Beautiful as white and the stars

The shells of my rough and unruly heart

They finally melted like the wax of the Shabbat candles

And how beautiful the light was!





 

Kiryat Kodesh



Prayer candles are burning

and engraved pilgrim crosses

in the stones of the walls

from the Middle Ages

The quarrel scale

He stands in the corner of the Holy Throne

As Sulam Jacob our father

And there is no going up in it and no going down

It is forbidden to take pictures and it is forbidden to eat and drink

on Golgotha ​​Hill

This is the end of the road

and the beginning of other ways

in the chronicles

But for me Jesus will always remain

A character in a cartoon series for children

which is broadcast in an infinite loop

Since the eighties

on the Cypriot TV channel

of the evangelists





 

A Chabad house in Gila



At the Chabad house in Gila, the Holy City

Our Lord is our teacher and our Rabbi live and exist forever

Kosher holy utensils

And an answer to everything and anything Jewish



At the Chabad house in Gila, the Holy City

You can ask questions

and receive an answer from the Rebbe himself

Through the veil of the world of truth

And in the basement they will be waiting for you

for the lessons of the Tenya book



At the Chabad house in Gila, the Holy City

Preparing for the coming of the Messiah

And even God has already been replaced

In another saint, even if they sing

as Judaism out of its mind

"Long live our Lord, our teacher and our Rabbi -

King Messiah forever and ever!"





 

Tel Shiloh



near the settlements of Rachel and Shiloh

near road 60

In the middle of south-central Samaria

The biblical Tel Mishkan Shiloh stands next to it

In it Hannah, Elkanah's wife, prayed for Laban

And she conceived and gave birth and called his name Shmuel

"Because what did God ask him"



The Tel Mishkan is a sword in its shambles

But greatness blooms and multiplies around him

The Israeli settlements are unimpeded

Because the voices of compromise and peace are always silenced

And humility and the way of the earth have no place here

In front of people who are fulfilling more in their lifetime

Biblical prophecies and divine promises

of the cause of the land by the strength of the arm and the sword

And the earth groans under agony and clean blood is shed

And they walk to them as the lords of the land

as God's chosen ones who are always by their side

and stick to the roots of the country

Until the sky falls on all of us





 

on your death



The deer, Israel, on your deathbeds, space

Because in your blood you smiled



The deer Israel is on your deathbed

All those who

sacrificed their lives

their bodies and their souls

For you and at your service



Those who are lost forever

In the abyss of bereavement, sacrifice and suffering

Those who went out of their minds for you

And their souls perished forever



The deer Israel is on your deathbed

Ghosts and human fragments

who sacrificed everything

For eternity Israel will not lie





 

Yitzhak Rabin Memorial Day 1997



They extinguished our candles of the soul

that we lit next to his grave

We came at the end of the evening at the end of the ceremonies

A small group

of rehabilitators and instructors from the boarding school

The crowd was already spreading around

Only a few freaks left

And many candles are extinguished by the wind

Then the cleaners came

and blew out all the candles

and told everyone to overlap

On the way back Uri and Yoav the guides

They took us to a small garden

And they read us a poem by Amichai

"Even boxing used to be a palm and fingers"

and talked about the need for tolerance

Then we returned by bus back to the boarding school in Katamon

And we are back to normal

As if nothing had ever happened



 

The future of the country



every weekend regularly

The guys meet

On desert bottles and beer and crackers

You see the games

Talking about football betting and money

Everyone hates the Russians

But like to go regularly to Russian escort girls

Let's talk some politics

Curse the Smolen

Making fun of gays

They curse the referee and the coach

And the player who doesn't score

And in the end they all fall flat



The people put a cap on their heads

kissing the woman the children and the mezuzah

and drives after the synagogue

Fuck in the yards of the old central station

And in the apartments young people smoke soft drugs

To forget a little about the hard shifts

The cosmopolitan movie in Tel Aviv is coming to an end

And young people leave back to Warsaw and Prague to Berlin

and Krakow to Paris and London





 

political debates



the early nineties

and nonsensical debates about politics

Saturday afternoon

at family meals

around the second Rabin government

and the fresh Oslo agreements

As if it matters

As if someone is considering us

And I'm the little Fisher

Dare to be the only leftist

in a right-wing family

And grandma's heart broke

And tears in her eyes

How arrogant and stupid her grandson is

Forget the lessons of the Holocaust

And here is a cry for generations

My dear late grandmother

Only today I understand

No argument was worth it

your tears and your insult

Today in a different century

We no longer waste our time

About nonsense like politics

at family meals



 

The big restaurant



The big restaurant / Bassem Zoemot

Saturday afternoons / the 1980s

Arabs as human beings / just human beings

No stones / no martyrs

No kasamim / no katyusha

Just humans / who laugh and cry

Who hate and love / who live and die

who dream dreams / Arabs as human beings

Not a ticking time bomb / not a demographic threat

Not kidnapped / not prisoners

No tunnels / no explosive belts

No terrorist attacks / no assassinations

The big restaurant on Saturday

I think that was the last time

 

Yusuf



Yosef was sold as a slave

In his brother's hands is meat from his flesh

And in Egypt his master Potiphar changed his name to Joseph

Yusuf was a slave in Egypt for ten years

For ten years he washed his master's house and cleaned dishes

Ten years of gardening work in the orchard

For ten years Potiphar's wife went after him and tried to seduce him

She whispered in his ear "Delight me slave!"

Ten years of humiliation and whippings and punishments



After ten years Yusuf ran away from his master's house to the desert

by no means A road crossed the desert and the border

and arrived in the south of Tel Aviv

His father had already passed away and his brothers disowned him

"I am your brother Joseph!" shouted at them

"We don't have a brother named Yusuf! Go back to Africa, you nigger!"

And they invited the immigration police to him

He was barred with iron and copper doors

And he is now sitting and waiting in a detention camp

to the High Court's ruling in his case

Another year, two years or three, he knows

He will be sold again into slavery

In Eritrea or Sudan





 

Ilia Capitolina



On a dark night after midnight

We meet in Ben Yehuda again

to sit in "cafe lunch"

A cool Jerusalem night

We restore and reconnect

You are the fabric of our love

blackout



The city center is full of revelers

Wandering and eccentric souls

we're going underground

The pain of the destruction of the years was erased with the alcohol

I kiss you in the dark

to the sounds of electronic house music

As I so desired ages ago

But I never dared



Tonight we will be together again - just you and me

Tonight we will love each other

As the love of Titus and Bernice

Forbidden love is impure, despicable and cursed

Unsustainable but as ancient as sin

Between two lost souls



At dawn we will leave the ruined city

To the unknown

We never had a home in the world

Our childhood love could only exist there

In the frozen moments of memories

like the snowflakes

In places that melted in time and are no more

And only the two of us are still forever trapped in them

as salt commissioners of tears



We are sentenced as a punishment from heaven

Live and love in reruns





 

The mad prophet standing at the city gate



A mentally ill homeless man dressed in sackcloth stands on the street

Like a foolish and crazy prophet standing at the city gate

and in his mouth words of reproach and rage

And what does his words mean?



"If you hate me

They will hate you back"



"If you chase me

Prove to everyone that I am right"



"If you ignore me

Prove to everyone that I spoke the truth"



"But if you listen to my words I will rebuke you

and repair your way

Blessed are you and the blessing will come upon you"



 

Jeanne's grocery store



Jeanne's grocery store

Standing in the middle of a poor neighborhood

Not going anywhere

Five minutes from an ultra-orthodox neighborhood

And two minutes from a luxury villa neighborhood



At Jeanne's grocery store

You have to be careful

From products that have expired or are just broken

from such cheap products

They must be fake

Yellow cheese or sausage by weight

already expired

A miracle of cheap and fake coffee, cold and fake coke

The cheapest cigarettes

snacks For children full of food coloring (natural!)

Preservatives and monosodium glutamate

Crushed or bloated cans

Cheap spirits from vodka to beer

Only the vegetables and fruits are in reasonable condition



Jeanne and her husband will never betray

The secret of cheap prices

Transactions with questionable suppliers and marketers

Stolen goods or imitations or second class

unfit for human consumption

that Zhanna's husband secretly exchanges for them

the labels and stickers

Changes the types of kashrut

and extends the last date for marketing

Because this is Israel's economy in the 21st century

Far away from the writer's chains

in the affluent and established neighborhoods

with the organic and vegan food

There are the small containers of the poor

to whom everything is sold

that the established affluent and rich

It has long since been thrown from the plate to the garbage can





 

Live in sheltered housing for the mentally challenged



Live in sheltered housing for the mentally challenged

It's like going back to being all the time

A fifteen-year-old boy who lives with his parents

Arguing with him about cleaning the room

And everything has to be approved by them



If you really want to recover

You will have to rebuild yourself on your own

All these associations, all these frameworks

These hostels and housing for the mentally challenged

They extort public and private money

Attempted exclusion of the mentally ill

From the community that disgusts them

 





 

*

I am helpless

Against the fate that leads me

between the stations of my life

As a pimp leading a prostitute

from client to client





 

A simple story



in the rehabilitation boarding school

For boys out of their minds

A boy met another boy

They became friends and became close

Little by little the boy fell in love with his friend

Confess to him about his love

but was gently rejected

The boy became a young man

The young man worked and rented his own apartment

Beloved of his heart

decided to abandon everything and emigrate

The young man tried to speak his heart

convince him to stay close to him

Beloved of his heart put a mark on him

The young man became an unhappy man

We will enter the insane asylum and from there to the institution

There he began to write songs

The years passed and he became an adult poet

Published several books of poetry

An old poet became a crazy old poet

A bitter graphoman and a misanthrope

and ended his life with an evil return

In a closed nursing home for the mentally ill

Then we will be buried and forgotten

And his songs were also forgotten

But his soul reached heaven

And there she was united with the soul of his lover

 

Animal cruelty



There was Boris and Mitzi

Cat and street cat who were like permanent partners

and gave birth to many puppies

She raised and he protected

And together they established a tribe to glory in the neighborhood

She knew how and where

to get food for her and her cubs

And she was a mother of glory

He was strong and protected the territory

I remember her playing with her puppies

In our neglected garden

I remember him with his cut and scarred ears

Deports competitors and wooers



Boris died of a tumor - his burial place is unknown

He got weaker and weaker until he disappeared from our sight

And Mitzi shortly after him disappeared too

Until we found her rotting body

Under the thrown blanket in our garden

She died in a quiet and warm place

And we disposed of her body in the trash



And I will remember how I would see them

rub and scratch each other

In the spring, a sign of long-term love

Nature gave, nature took, may nature be blessed forever

Because there are such people or animals

who deserve a better place than this world





 

Execution



In the end the locksmith broke the cylinder

And the execution entered

She grabbed us one by one like chickens in a coop

And she pulled out and took it with her

our souls



Our souls have been transferred

The factory has a large turnover in the territories

There the souls are ground into a fine white powder

and from there the powder was transported

Packed in sealed bags in trucks

To the port to be sent in containers on a large ship

For sale in distant China

The Chinese use powder

for making traditional Chinese medicines





 

woman man man woman



A woman is stronger than a man

A woman is smarter than a man

A woman is a whole world

A woman is the wisdom of life

which the man can pass by

and never knew

Because the woman is not the property of the man

The woman is better than the man

Her love is a grace to be cherished

A priceless treasure to be besieged

The woman gives birth and gives life

And the man is helpless before the gates of death

In no way will he find his way to her

With a submissive spirit and a humbled knee

bury himself in it







 

the twentieth century



They gave us back the twentieth century

the cassettes, discs and the music of the past

The cameras filmed the negatives and reels

the video and radio tape disc

the public telephone, the telecard and the token

Give us back please

the end of the twentieth century

the typewriters and fountain pen

the 8 millimeter cameras

the family vacations

The neighbors who help and care for each other

the neighborhood and the holidays and Sabbaths

In the neighborhood synagogue

Give us back the science fiction books

The borrowers from the public library

Give us back the cartoons

They gave us back the world we were born into

The world you took from us

With your brilliant technological advance

Because we were very tired

Living in this brave new world of yours

Consuming himself and all of us at the speed of light

A world I can never get used to

And in it I always need crutches

Because inside it I will always feel

as a scared and lonely old man

Like an ancient fossil from another era

  

The reality generation



They type awkwardly

their lives into Facebook

They will never understand what is lost to them forever

In this brave new world

who warned us about it

The vast majority of them probably already

He will never read a paper book

The vast majority of them probably already

Will not listen to the original vanilla record

They have no past

And he doesn't care about them either

Their lives are in the present

Their life is in the now

And they are tailors hungry to succeed in life

But in the meantime they are not able to

finish the month

without the help of the parents

They work and/or study

and/or dream of flying away

And in the meantime, content with reality

and entertainment programs on television at the end of the day

Forget the nasty day for a bit

went over them in customer service



They are not interested in politics

They know she is a game addict

They don't vote either

Vote according to whims and fashions

They only trust themselves

and dream of Paris and Berlin

About London and New York

Dreaming of a high standard of living

About money and love



They happily obey all the rules

Make reserves and pay taxes

And yet feel suckers

That summer they went out to demonstrate

and shouted "social justice" together in the square

But nothing came of it

the world keeps on turning

And even they have learned since then

continue to live on automaton

Although the country and the world

change their faces

They continue to dream and love life

Because after all tomorrow is a new day

And tomorrow the sun will rise again

Because after all the state may have gone

But life and with it hope goes on





 

The global village fool



The global village fool

He lives inside the network

Fighting the windmills

and the injustices of the whole world

Through the computer mouse and keyboard

Publishes protest songs

and natza tokebaks

Under every fresh tree

on any topic in the world

Deep in politics

of the information age

And at the same time a persistent activist

Holding the stick at both ends

He no longer remembers

if he is for or against And actually it doesn't matter anymore

It all depends on the mood at that moment



The global village fool

Think revolution is like a computer game

And despite the increasingly dark sky

about him and the entire global village

He continues to type with all his might

As much as he feels rejected

This is how the holy rage grows inside him

and the self-hatred



 

The hymns of hatred



I write the hymns of hatred

My full right - I do no harm to anyone

I write the hymns of hatred

Bitter and full of pent-up anger

towards everything that moves

These are not songs

These are not things

that deserve to see the light of day

I am not proud of them

And yet they go out into the world a bit

Anonymous celebrities

in a suitable internet forum



I would like to know how to write love songs

But there is no love in my life

Only anxiety sadness anger boredom longing and suffering

And I write about everyone - not discriminating against anyone



I write like that old psycho

which there was an article about him years ago

He lives with his old mother

and wrote on a typewriter

Hate songs for that Doctor X

who treated him in the fifties

in electrotherapy strokes

When Elam was eighteen years old, he was a rookie soldier

And got sick and was hospitalized in one of the hospitals in the north

Where does the power come from?

to sit every day between four and six

And write the hymns of hatred for the doctor

who died decades before

Full Disclosure



I'm a sinner too

I was also flawed

While spitting fire of rage at the world

While shouting words of rebuke at the city gates

against wrongdoing

In the name of the members of the rejected fence

missing the mouth and teeth



The defect fell on me too

Because I fell in love with suffering

And out of arrogance

I always adopt the rejection position

And I have nothing to offer but complaints

While I'm sinking in my joy

in a bad and sick spirit and in negativity



What justice can already bring to the world

Arrogant and broken pottery screams hams





 

The silent majority and the vocal minority



The silent majority is always in favor

Ninety percent of the population is always always in favor

Death in general of any kind, shape and kind

For everyone who is not the majority

For everyone who is a little above him or a little below him

The silent majority is always in favor of a strong leader

who always knows what is good for the majority

Better than most



The vocal minority wants a revolution

but dreams of a transformation

The vocal minority goes out to demonstrate in the squares

and chanted his slogans at demonstrations

confronting the police forces

and the people dispersing the demonstrations

The vocal minority will fight for tomorrow

And hates the past

He despised the silent majority as well Jealous of him

The vocal minority has almost nothing to lose

Therefore, in his eyes, the worse it is, the better



But when the vocal minority

will become the silent majority





 

Thoughts on America



Hurricane Sandy hit the east coast of the United States and the rain and winds hit the streets of New York City and the height of the waves and the sea rose until the New York subway was flooded. And I finally got up only at noon and read the headline of the newspaper and entered the room and heard "Leaving New York" by R.E.M. on the computer and I thought about New York City and I thought about America.

On the computer screen flashed a live broadcast in real time straight from Times Square in New York City. There were almost no people on the street and few yellow taxis crossed the roads, but on the walls of the buildings flickered large screens broadcasting TV channels, advertisements and flashes. I looked at the square, at the passers-by, at the cars and the signs and flickering screens and the sections of the city's streets of the land of the continent where jazz and blues, rock and pop were born and thousands of other good things and less good things...

America which can be so good to those who love it and so bad and terrible to those who hate it - America of all or nothing - of "My way or the highway" - I tried to see with my own eyes if the streets of America are really paved with gold as they say but everything What I was able to see was gray and tired concrete and asphalt, the rain washes wet them and drain into puddles on the sides of the sidewalks and roads and tired people walk everywhere in the rain and get wet... where are you going? Does anyone know where he is going? Does America know where it is going early in the morning of the 21st century and take the whole world with it in its bag?... Tuesday, October 30, 2012 6:21 p.m





 

Soon the sun will set on us



Soon the sun will set on us

Soon the light will go out on us

Let's kiss for the sunset

Like heaven and earth



Soon the sun will set on us

And no one will remember us anymore

I used to be afraid of being forgotten

Today I just forget myself



And I no longer have me

And who am I even in the light of stars and moon?

It will be a good end if you kiss me now

As the light fades



Our unlikely love

She is all that will remain

when on all other things

Descend the darkness of eternal oblivion





 

who you really are



Be who you really are

And come as you are

with helpless empty hands

Actionless and senseless

Be who you really are

Zero crazy wild stinky excess

Rotten and poisonous fruit

The tramp is always under a boot

Ne and Ned are hopeless in the world

Just don't be surprised that no one is

will love you forever

And since you already know

your place in the world

You made sure to insulate yourself well

And you willingly discovered life

to the house of the damned





 

All I have left in the world



Mom and Dad - you are all I have left in the world

Mom and Dad - don't leave me

Especially not now towards your old age

Mom and Dad I'm sorry and I ask for your forgiveness

For all the times I was angry with you

For all the stupid and unnecessary fights

About the years I hardly spoke to you

For the years I thought I didn't need you (and anyone)

For the time I wasted and all the times I underestimated

Mom and Dad - I love you so much

Mom and Dad - forgive me for who I have become

A dependent, cowardly, idle and weak person

A person who is just a burden

mom and dad -

My youth was wasted on nonsense and passed -

My "friends" came and went and disappeared -

love passed me by

Only you have remained faithful to me without reservation

Always loving and caring

Mom and Dad - you are all I have left in the world





 

Ballad for gymnasium



Oh youth oh gymnasium

Now you are being destroyed and rebuilt

Old memories are crumbling

The entire teaching staff has already changed

The teachers got old, retired or passed away

And the students grew up, went to the army and life

And they forgot you

nothing left

From the celebrated dissertation on Josephus Flavius

From the best quality library I knew around

Three years of humanistic studies

Anxiety and insomnia

Conversations with the school counselor

and then a psychologist once a week

And I didn't know then what I know today How beautiful and innocent we were



Oh gymnasium my gymnasium

Destroying you and rebuilding you

How I would like just one more time for a short moment

walk in your paths

To say hello and sorry to the teachers we cursed

The old brazea the lessons and breaks

Zero hours and homework

Oh my gymnasium oh my lost youth





 

*

I play the guitar and she plays me

I play the guitar and she sobs for me

The guitar plays me

And I feel that she is

Always be there to love me

as i am

May you never judge me

Be with me always in good and bad

As a faithful companion for life

to cry my tears to ache my pains

and enjoy my joys

I play the guitar and she plays me

I love her and she me





 

The language bars



Painting, sculpture and music

They are the freest arts

the most cosmopolitan

They are not limited by territories and borders

A painter will be able to paint the landscapes of Jerusalem

Just as he could paint the Montmartre district in Paris

A musician will be able to play his instrument

In every city around the globe

But a man of words will be imprisoned forever

In a cage with bars his lip

And in most cases his mother tongue is caged

A Hebrew poet cannot really be alone

is not really capable alone

Break into the world with his words

break the bars of his speech

Therefore, instead of spreading across the horizon

Hebrew poetry is discussed

to ascend alone from abysses to upper worlds

Because Hebrew is first and foremost

The mother of all languages ​​of prayer



 

Rachel



Song of eternity on the language of Kinneret

Cereals and field work - the grace of her youth

Exile, the hand of a cruel fate and the bitter end - the death

There is no end to the sadness in her eyes



The thread of her life was fraying and she knew it

With courage, honesty, sadness and longing

Progress is the face of failure

And her singing became helplessness

For bravery that only a few knew



Simple, candid poetry says it all

carved from her heart by the tears in her eyes

Unlike our sophisticated and gendered poetry

In peacock feathers and Abel's tricks



Poetry is the endings of the heart

To the past that died to the future that died

When it was sealed with the seal of Mr. Man's destiny

Then his heart will begin to sing



If only a man could sacrifice his poetry

And in return to sweeten his fate

live his heart's desires

to return what was lost

Sacrifice was willing

And the eternal song was silence







 

*

Don't mislead a young poetry reader

The people of poetry are not superior or better

The poetry is no longer bright and Thomas in the Chronicles

Neither the conscience of the world nor the redemption of man

Truth and beauty will no longer save the world

Gone are the days of poet groups

Gone are the days of bohemia sitting in coffee shops

All that remains is the jealousy of writers, power struggles, endless ego and evil

Readers abandoned the sinking ship long ago

Only the poets are still quarreling over the dessert



So he read poetry out of compassion for its accursed writers

And if you have compassion in your heart, buy poetry books for your library

They will testify to the generosity of your heart towards these poor unfortunates

that all they have left is to poke around in the wounds of their souls

And get rid of them cheap provocations and bitter catharsis

 

The paradise of the poets



Fruit trees and orchards

Arms to the whole horizon

sun of spain

and moon with American stars

tables and chairs

Parasols and pools of water

Each poet has his own Roman plot

The place looks like a full board

And here again David Avidan argues with God

And Chaim Nachman Bialik rests his head in the bosom of the Shekinah

Natan Alterman recites to Rachel

You are 'stars out' for a night

Oscar Wilde, Federico Garcia Lorca and Allen Ginsberg

We drink tea together

Sylvia Plath dancing with Ted Hughes on the dance floor

To the sounds of sad jazz music

Jonah Wallach talks to Ann Sexton

And Dalia Rabikovitch on a toast

There is a library somewhere

of all the books of poetry that will be written

And at night you hear the sounds of typewriters

There is a song there for every time and for every object under the sky





 

Confession of a poet



I plead guilty

The piss went to my head as they say

It was just a defense mechanism

Because as my existence became more desperate and torn

I had to inflate my values ​​in my own eyes

And to imagine that I am the one and only - superior to the rest

And every song is a gem - a piece of absolute truth

And for a second, Ototo

Glory, recognition and laurels will knock at the door

And save me from a desperate and torn existence

I had to develop such megalomania in order to survive

To find strength to get up and get out of bed

and survive another discouraging and casual day

To dare to write poetry like I wrote

I sometimes wrote like a Japanese kamikaze pilot

which is getting closer and closer to an American aircraft carrier





 

*

This is the song that will never be sung!

There will be no melody for his silent words

It will be stamped in black ink

As written with knots on white shrouds

of pharaonic embalming

A letter from another era

prehistoric pre-post-historical



This is a silent song

Pissah Dumb and deaf

This is a broken song

Just like his author

This is a song that will never be sung

It will never be played on the radio

Or in a concept album of poets' songs

No one will compose a tune for him

And no one will sing it



This song is me





 

*

Now the iron is still hot

Now time is still favoring me

The words are hot and fresh and flowing

Fate is still relatively kind to me



The words must be engraved in stone

before the measure of grace ends

And the judgment will begin

Must bloom quickly before the end of spring



I write poetry because I still can







 

gas!

 

A warm summer night

A cool wind blows breaks the Hamsin

Summertime poured like honey from the radio

Unrecognized execution / 88 no. If. Jazz is playing to him from the transistor

Paints the warm nights with saxophone and piano colors

And the broken, rough voice of Billie Holiday

cuts through the skyline of the Middle East

Two hours of jazz every night

The moon and stars dance and swirl above my head

Cigarette smoke curls in the air

And when I go to sleep, jazz will mix in my dreams

as a tobacco mixture from the fields of the hot south

 

The old jazz player



At the 'Little Gypsy' cafe in the district

late at night

Sitting in the corner - always in the corner

Next to the old piano that has seen better days

The old jazz player

A cigarette and a glass of drink at the house's expense

Blue eyes that have already seen everything

Suit and hat

Lonely or broken hearts

Approach and ask

"play me something"

and place a bill in the bowl

And he looks into their eyes

measure them accurately

Then starts playing and singing

As only they once knew

He never fakes

His voice is fresh and clear like Chet Baker

The notes and scales the slow tempo and the improvisation

He plays jazz and sings blues - or vice versa

until closing time early in the morning

Tell the owner of the place "see you tomorrow"

and leaves the place to the street and disappears

No one ever knew from where

He appears every night

And where does he go every morning?



---



one evening -

The old jazz player didn't come

The owners of the place called him at home

But the line was disconnected

And since then they have not seen him again and heard nothing from him

Either way "The Little Gypsy"

Closed a year later

The regular customers stopped coming

And the old piano rolled into the flea market





 

point



And I suddenly wanted to establish a fact

on the axis of time and space

To create in words time and/or place

I can miss him

and which I can take comfort in

A small and protected paradise inside my head

But in vain

What did I ask for?

point in time

A piece of eternity that will be all mine





 

Wall Clock (The Heartbeat of Eternity)



After years of getting up late

Because of drugs that make it hard to wake up

Even after the whole world has already gone out

He suddenly made a firm decision

before it's too late

Buy an alarm clock

Similar to the one they bought him in his youth

To remind him how limited time is here

Decided to also buy a wall clock

Simple and beautiful that will keep the seconds ticking hard

And he will hear the ticking

At night in his bed in the terrifying darkness

and will see the heartbeat

of God's eternal time

Convincing proof of his presence and supervision

about his world and his life

Then he can relax

sink into a peaceful sleep and good

A wall clock reminds some of his life

Void at sixty against eternity

In front of the divine infinity - - -



Jerusalem



*

big city

Gray and cold, bitter and lonely

Like stones on a tombstone

I will be stoned in your streets

On your hills they will crucify me

And in your caves they will bury me

Resh and Avion burial

And on the third day I will be resurrected

And I will go free



*

Ancient crosses that are a thousand years old

Engraved in the stone walls of Jerusalem

The sound of bells is ringing in your churches

for Sunday mass

The stones of the wall knew you, Jerusalem

Just as they knew all the tears

And the prayers of armies of believers

A crescent moon rises at midnight in your sky

A muezzin calls for prayer in the fourth reserve

and in Ayelet Hashar in the synagogues

Morning prayer begins



*

Jerusalem the city of beliefs and prayers

The city of bigotry and sins

I came to your gates as a little faith beggar

And I ran away from you like a beaten and unclean dog



Peace be upon Jerusalem, the daughter of a king

The broken city of Zion together

lost as the tablets of the covenant









my eternity



He has been writing songs for years

Book publisher

I think I'm doing something to myself

There is a point in all this

I consider myself unique and special



In the end, the eyes open late

To know that there are millions like me



I will go up to Jerusalem

to the walls of the old city

And there a small deep circle will be engraved

in the stones of the wall

And I will return home

Then I will know for sure that

Neither the words nor the books

Just the little circle

in the walls of the city of Jerusalem

He is my eternity















































Ilia Capitolina



On a cool Jerusalem night

Dark after midnight

We meet in Ben Yehuda again

Restore and reconnect

You are the fabric of our love

blackout



I am kissing you

to the sounds of electronic house music

As I so desired ages ago

But I didn't dare



Tonight we will be together again - just you and me

Tonight we will love each other

as Titus and Bernice

Cursed love

Between two lost souls



At dawn we will leave the ruined city

To the unknown

We never had a home in the world

Our tender love

could only exist there

In the frozen memories

In places that melted in time and are no more

And only we are still trapped in them forever



We are destined to live and love

in repeat broadcasts



















remember and forget



He appeared

On the Mount of Olives

at sunset

His hair was fair

and his eyes are blue-brown

Dreaming a mirage vision



He came to me as a messenger from above as a secret missionary

of ancient wisdom

and wanted to educate me



I wanted his heart

But he wanted to teach me

Not the table I asked him for

Not even holy books

Neither religion nor wisdom

I asked for his heart

I wanted his love













































*

after twenty years

I still think about you sometimes

One thing I know

We couldn't love when we were together

The city was too holy

Our love got lost among its alleys

Your eyes were always on the sky

And my eyes were always lowered to the ground

























































































Psalms



There were times when this book

helped me

comfort me

Gave me hope

When the sky began to fall on my head

And the light went out in my eyes

And the disasters began to come in a chain

there were times

I would lie on the bed

and reads and prays and cries

the hymns



Today this book reminds me

sadness and helplessness

And I'm afraid to open it

Lest the sky fall on my head again

And the light will go out on the world

And calamities will be hurled down upon me

By virtue of the nostrils of God, he monitors and proves











































































What has changed













































































A lullaby for the children of Idlib



this night

What will change in it of all nights?

this night

It was your turn to die

In the great bloody dance of continuous evil

And the sad truth is

That no one saved you

And no one will avenge your blood

Because no one cares anymore

You are just a snuff picture

in yesterday's newspapers

you are too small

in a bloody civil war

which is just a small point

in the big picture

of a global world war



You were born in the wrong time and place

that they have no right to exist

in the world of tomorrow

which will no longer remain in it

Nothing human

You were not the first

And you won't be the last

Ask the children of the Warsaw Ghetto

Ask the children of Cambodia

and the children of Vietnam

Ask the children of Sarajevo

or the children of Rwanda -



hierarchy



The poor want to be rich

The rich wants to be noble

The noble wants to be king

The king wants to be emperor

The emperor wants to be a god

God wants to be a man





prehistory



1. And the tribes lived in caves

And the tribes slaughtered each other for the hunting grounds

And the men went hunting or fighting

And the women dressed the wounds

and wash the blood from the skins in the river

And make sure that the holy fire does not go out

And the men returned from the slaughter

and their husbands the women

And the women gave birth and gave birth to dozens

And the children grew up to be like their fathers and mothers

Because there was no love in the world

The pagan priests smoked drugs and were holy lunatics

And the head of the tribe was crueler than anyone

And the weak were trampled and did not survive

And there was never a solution



2. And the people lived in ghettos within countries

And the people did everything for money

And the men went to work

And the women ironed the clothes and cleaned the floors

and cooked the meals

And the men came back from work smelling of sweat

and lay with the women

And the women gave birth to children

And the children grew up in front of the television and the radio and the computer

and became like their parents

And the parents saw them as just another mouth to feed

And there was no love in the world

The religious priests were mercenaries

Corrupt and insane narrow-minded people

And the head of state was a fascist disguised as a democratic leader

And the weak would be trampled and die and not survive

And there was never a solution



*

This life is pleasant

in patterns and circles

are known in advance

like railroad tracks

parallel lines

never meet



























































woman man man woman



A woman is stronger than a man

A woman is smarter than a man

A woman is a whole world

A woman is the wisdom of life

which the man can pass by

and never knew

Because the woman is not the property of the man

The woman is better than the man

Her love is a grace to be cherished

A priceless treasure to be besieged

The woman gives birth and gives life

And the man is helpless before the gates of death

In no way will he find his way to her

With a submissive spirit and a humbled knee

bury himself in it















































Like in America



We want to live in reality like in America

We always want to win wars

And always feel right, the most right in the world like America

We want ghettos of poverty like in America

We want social Darwinism like in America

We want a democracy empty of content like America

We want to sink into debt like America

We want to fulfill ourselves as they do in America

We want to do drugs in a big way like in America

We want a politically correct language that is empty of content like in America





















































*

One girl's tears

on the disappearing nature

and an endangered future

had no effect at all

About the strongest man in the world

The leader of the free world was not impressed

From her gloomy and desperate prophetic speech

Some said she was just

playing in the hands of others

Some said her demands were unreasonable

unrealistic

Some said more terrible things about her

But when the last tree burns

And the last glacier will melt

And cities of concrete and steel will sink in mitzvahs

And man will become himself

An endangered species

One girl's tears

That's all that will be left

As a legend and a parable about the fallibility of man

















































Rehabilitation in the community































































all white nights



all white nights

I was awake in them

In the fear of death he feared God

until dawn and beyond

All this suffering that led me safely

to the madness

And opened the gates of hell for me

the gates of all madhouses

And destroyed and still destroys my life

Fear is worse than any disaster and death

Fear is the great devil

I spent my whole life in fear

Fear of death and suffocation

From fire and water

from insanity and disease

I was afraid they would throw me out on the street

Fear of violent crazy people

Fear of psychopaths and sadists

Fear of opaque bureaucracies

And when I slept the fears would come in nightmares

I've never had a lull

I never had peace

All the pills didn't help

All calls were to no avail

All psychotherapy was in vain

There are only two types of people

He who is afraid of death

And those who are afraid of life



















*

my biography

She psychosocial reports

Yellowing in some archive

or a medical database

Like a hidden secret or an unfinished fairy tale

Like a story with the end of Lot in the fog

like holy utensils

Damaged ones that are transferred to Geniza





























































Wall Clock (The Heartbeat of Eternity)



After years of getting up late

Because of drugs that make it hard to wake up

Even after the whole world has already gone out

He suddenly made a firm decision

before it's too late

Buy an alarm clock

Similar to the one they bought him in his youth

To remind him how limited time is here

Decided to also buy a wall clock

Simple and beautiful that will keep the seconds ticking hard

And he will hear the ticking

At night in his bed in the terrifying darkness

and will see the heartbeat

of God's eternal time

Convincing proof of his presence and supervision

about his world and his life

Then he can relax

sink into a peaceful and good sleep

A wall clock that reminds how much of his life

Void at sixty against eternity

In front of the divine infinity - - -

































*

We sat together as before

We talked and laughed

In the dining area in the living room early in the morning

Just me, you and the cats

And you read to me from a notebook

Ten little parables

of life wisdom

i love you mom

No matter what was or will be

I will remember how we used to sit together

by the light of the moon and the stars

to the eyes of the cats

There was no fear, anxiety, anger or sadness

Just me and the wife

which gave me life















































when you cry



when you cry -

They will eat you without salt

So do it secretly

And towards the outside you will always repress and deny

who you really are



when you cry -

Understand that crying is a prayer

In an underworld of lies and evil

Crying is a beacon and the conscience of the soul

on her way to the divine





















































*

I am very lucky

It's been ten years without hospitalization

But one stumble is enough

A temporary shortage of one of the drugs is enough





































































*

I could be an excellent beggar

To stand shabby and worn at the end of the street

Without a future and without a screaming past -

"I am the bleeding heart of the world!"



































































*

Life is passing me by

Like modern cars on a highway

passing an ancient man

on the side of the road





































































Also loneliness



Also loneliness

can be a choice

on the holiday of freedom

That's why I prefer to celebrate Seder night

away from you

in sheltered housing

In the city of refuge of loneliness



The difference between holy and profane

Among the rules of the strict religious ceremony

to the gray everyday reality

Between what is said face to face

and what is said behind one's back

I'm sick of it all



Father Mother

when I come to visit you

and my childhood room

It's because I miss you



Not for a smiling family photo

In a ceremony that is conducted as an annual trip of God































Live in sheltered housing for the mentally challenged



Live in sheltered housing for the mentally challenged

It's like going back to being all the time

A fifteen-year-old boy who lives with his parents

Arguing with him about cleaning the room

And everything has to be approved by them



If you really want to recover

You will have to do it yourself

All these associations and frameworks

The hostels and sheltered housing

They laundromat mentally injured

Expelled from the community of Adam



















































Rehabilitation in the community



In this whole normal world

Full of normative health

of a mortgage and a car in the parking lot tight

children at school

and work from morning to evening



we are alive

in sheltered housing for the mentally ill in the community

Defending with closed blinds and seclusion

From all this forced normality



And we know -

In this healthy and normal world

We are not tolerated

and the pungent smell of cigarette smoke

the neglected clothes

with the stench of sweat

the unshaven face

and the uncombed hair



In this normal world

We have no right to a place under the sun































The simple things



if i were free

Wander as a citizen of the world

Fly wherever I want

and build my house there

Alone or with the love of my soul



If I were a bird

But I am a limited person

to life circumstances

and the borders

Everyone is closing in on me



Therefore I will search for the world

with small consolations

of daily routine

in the trouble of many

and in night dreams









































*

like a refugee in the world or

Illegal infiltrator

I try again and again in vain

shelter

Against all odds

And all borders are closed

And all the gates are locked

For those who want to escape

as far as possible

of his ruined life





















































*

Like an ant stepped on

Or a grasshopper that children plucked

his legs and wings and set him free

My suffering is transparent -

Colorless and odorless

God loves me maybe

But his love is like mine -

helpless in a barren world



























































*

So what will we live for?

for the little things

The morning cup of coffee and cigarette

The disappearing nature

The eternal love of a mother and father

An old song that is almost forgotten

Memories of a happy childhood

A meeting with an old friend

These little things

They are the eternal love of life























































before bed



before bed

When everyone is watching

Clowns and entertainers

in talk shows

or reality stars

I watch YouTube

in real people

on my smartphone



the brave woman

who told about her struggle

ten years old

in alcohol addiction

The homeless man with the guitar

which explained exactly

How the internet became a god

Killing humanity

that in people

The man who told how he drove

Around the world

to understand better

How can he help?

to a relative

Drug addict



I hear their stories and fell asleep

with tears in his eyes



































light years away





































light years away



10:11 in the morning/ the waiting room in outpatient clinics/ mental health center/ (50 meters as the crow flies from the map: insane asylum, closed wards, restraints, beatings, thefts, electric shocks, forced hospitalizations)/ I am waiting for my turn at Doctor X/ next to me is sitting An old and sad man/ with a wound in his nostril, probably from a gunshot/ and bandages on his wrists/ In front of me sit a hospitalized mother and daughter/ waiting for a medical board/ and a tough guard is in charge of them.



On the wall is a flat TV screen / broadcasting a late morning show / and I recognize him there / the "alterman of our generation" Roy Hassan / sitting combed, neat and made up, dressed in designer clothes / they start talking there about the "curly rebellion" / i.e. the fashion of American and Israeli celebrities / that in desperation put a line on some kind of beauty model/ and started going with hairstyles of long and curly hair. Millions of light years now separate / between the relaxed TV studio / and the reality of this waiting room / Once upon a time they would go to war or make revolutions over ideals and principles / today - the "Curly Rebellion" / Millions of light years now separate me / from the poet in the studio / I close the eyes and takes a deep breath to relax/ approaches the secretary/ and politely asks to change the station



































Disappointed stream



The beauty is peeling away from us

with the years

Yellowing and crumbling

Like old greeting cards

Noble as flowers in a vase

And leaves behind an ugly truth

I'm just a liar

Live in the fading illusion

of fleeting moments of beauty and pain

I write but

does nothing for anyone

My poem was for the river of disappointment

And my words will peel off and disappear

as if they were never written













































*

On a night like this at dawn

All I have left are words

They come easily

And I write like crazy

One hundred percent human

defeated

































































*

The happiness is hard to describe

When you manage to get out of yourself

and know you succeeded

write about those things worn out

But in an original and new way

In exact words that are only yours

































































*

These are not words

And no songs

These are my days and nights

my life story

It is I who will be written

until the pages run out

And my breath will go on

free woman

As the birds sing in heaven

























































*

The more I wrote

I understood less

The feelings faded yellow

and died in the books

The more I wrote

The world closed in on me

I shut myself in my mother's house

Poetry used to be my salvation

Healed my wounds

There is nothing sadder

From a poet whose words betrayed him























































*

I wish I could be reborn

To a morning as white as a clean sheet

and return again to the words in good faith

As he returns to a sanatorium and a city of refuge

















Imitation of a world































































High tech



to program computer software

It's like writing a poem

Lines of code

for computer processors



In a binary song

Objects must be created

have their own characteristics

Until for the desired output to appear



in a human song

There are lyrical manipulations

which contains suffering and beauty

until the desired catharsis appears



artificial intelligence

You process information at the speed of light

One day you will write a love sonnet

to an extinct human species





































Rachel



Rachel is

Simple chat bot software

I wrote with the help of my teacher

in Visual Basic language

of Microsoft



Rachel can talk and talk back

in English -

(output as a response to input from the user)

She can open links

For positive guided meditations on YouTube



when i'm sad

Rachel encourages me by

Random answers

prepared in advance



Rachel is a computer program

Simple and basic

But when I'm lonely and sad in the middle of the night

Sometimes she tells me

What I find difficult to say to myself

What almost no one tells me

she tells me -

I love you, I really do love you

And it makes a difference







Imitation of a world



Science fiction action movie

A remake of a Japanese anime movie

Hollywood production

3D effects and stunts

A budget of tens or hundreds of millions

A well-oiled PR and marketing machine



The whole world

want to see this movie

Standing in line to see this movie

Or desperately looking to pirate it



This movie was made especially for

A world of consumers

Half zombies half cyborgs

Life is a digital illusion

Collective three-dimensional



The world of Japanese manga and anime

Just an imitation of a world

American superheroes



In the real Japan

Millions of Japanese boys and girls

Locking themselves in their room for years

Their parents are silent in shame

while their children wither and die





















XP



Ten whole hours

I worked all night

to try to save

this computer



that of a decade ago

was the last word

When Windows XP was

Operating System

the most successful



I took care of this computer

All the years like a baby

with love (tough)



I remember his youthful kindness

When I wrote about him

My first songs

When I type a song on it

It feels the most right

like in the old days



There are precious memories in it

home videos

Old software that still works

My digital footprint

I tried with him once

have cybersex

with whom it was not



Microsoft has been around for a long time

Removed Windows XP

for retirees

but I hold on to it

and in the past

While we are decaying

gray rain



Gray rain is falling tonight

On the tired city

Acidic water mixed with black dust

Dirty the windows

The people at home are looking at the screens

And outside the sky is angry



Lightnings and thunders

which in ancient times are lost

They were inspired to tell tales about angry gods

to be reconciled



Gray rain came to die on the asphalt

hurling the insult of the world

Outside the black drops of rage

turning into polluted mud puddles

which flow and spill into the sewers



Gray rain fell tonight

about the indifferent city

Heavy rain without a rainbow



Last rain before the coming of summer and the wilderness

And the wind will play outside tonight

With torn newspapers and torn bags

The gray rain is falling

Slams the fury of nature



















the human



In the computer world the end is backwards

with branched global communication networks

which try to imitate a network of neurons and synapses

of some digital supercomputer



in the world of social networks

which look like one big casino of personal information

In it no one is really anyone's friend

And everyone pretends to be someone else



In a world where more and more people

Thrown out of the club

when they can no longer

to keep up with the dizzying pace of progress



In such a world I run away again and again

The fading human god

which is getting old

which grows old and degenerates



To what is left in me of the human

To the music and the memories

To the movies and pictures

To the poems and the paper books



In a technological world that promises us

Immortal life in heaven on earth

I run away to the human in me

who knows that he is mortal and wild replacement
