t:absence

d:An absence is when something or someone is missing, lacking, or not present. It could also represent one who is absent minded or preoccupied.

p:Dreaming of someone being absent from a worldly event could represent that they are seeking the Kingdom first.

n:To dream of someone or something being absent could indicate feelings of loneliness, a lack of hope, or a lack of strength. It suggests that you are looking for something that is lost or missing in your life. Absence could represent a change that is needed for alignment. Being absent in a dream could also represent being spiritually withdrawn in your walk with God.

v:2 Corinthians 5:6-9; John 14:28; Colossians 2:5-7; Proverbs 13:12; Lamentations 3:18; John 16:2; 2 Corinthians 12:20-21)

------------------------
t:acid

d:Acid is a sour substance that or liquid that has a pH balance less than 7. Acids are commonly known for dissolving other compounds.

p:Dreaming of acid could represent God burning

n:Dreaming of acid could represent bitterness, hatred, or offense in one's life. It could also symbolize that you are carrying a grudge or sarcasm toward others.

v:Acts 8:23; Hebrews 12:15)

------------------------
t:adolescence

d:Adolescence is the time where a child transitions into their teenage years or adulthood and when puberty starts.

p:Dreaming of the adolescent period of life can represent God revealing to you that you are transitioning to a more mature state of being, spiritually or naturally. This could also represent humility.

n:To see the adolescent stage of life in a dream may indicate that God is calling you spiritually immature.

v:1 Corinthians 13:11; Hebrews 5:11-13; 1 Corinthians 3:1-3)

------------------------
t:adventure

d:An adventure is an unusual and exciting, typically hazardous, experience or activity.

p:Dreaming of going on an adventure can represent that you are ready to try something new and exciting. It could indicate that you are surrendering to whatever God says even if it is out of your comfort zone.

n:In a dream, fear of adventure could mean that you are afraid of the unknown. It could represent pride of having to be in control of what's going on. Dreaming of being on a dangerous adventure by yourself could indicate the need to submit to God's will.

v:Proverbs 3:5-6; Philippians 4:13; Psalm 16:11; James 1:6-8)

------------------------
t:agreement

d:An agreement is an arrangement, a promise, or a contract made between two or more people. In a dream, an agreement could represent a promise or a covenant.

p:Dreaming of an agreement could represent a person or group of people in unity to accomplish something. It could also symbolize a covenant or a relationship you have with someone.

n:If you dream of backing out of a contract or agreement, it could symbolize that you are backsliding or have a problem with fear or pride. To dream of a negative agreement could represent going against the will of God.

v:Matthew 8:19; Acts 2:1; Genesis 11:6-7)


------------------------
t:ailment

d:An ailment is a sickness or illness, typically a minor one.

p:Dreaming of an ailment could represent Jesus as our healer. It could symbolize Jesus delivering one from sickness. Dreaming of an ailment could be your call to pray for the sick.

n:In a dream, an ailment could be a warning to check your health. It could also indicate caution for some sort of danger in the future.

v:Psalm 41:3; Luke 9:2; Ezekiel 34:4; 1 Corinthians 11:29-30)

------------------------
t:air force

d:The air force is a branch of military that deals with air warfare. In the Bible, the Lord sends angels through the air to deliver messages.

p:Dreaming of the air force could represent that the Lord is sending angels to help you and deliver messages to assist you in your destiny or the call on your life. It could also be symbolic of things of Heaven coming into your life. The air force could show that there are angels fighting on your behalf.

n:Seeing an enemy air force in a dream could be symbolic of a demonic attack on one's life. Enemy air forces could also represent demonic influence through thoughts or decisions.

v:Revelation 8:13; Revelation 14:6; Revelation 19:17)

------------------------
t:algum

d:Algum is a tree that is probably cypress or red sandalwood. It is a type of wood that is referred to in the Old Testament and described as temple timber.

p:Seeing algum wood in your dream may represent strength and the humanity of Jesus Christ.

n:Dreaming of algum could represent the works of man.

v:Kings 10:11-12; 2 Chronicles 2:8; 2 Chronicles 9:10-11)

------------------------
t:almond

d:An almond is the fruit of a small tree in the rose family. The edible kernel is used as a nut. In a dream, an almond can represent God's natural provision.

p:Seeing almonds in your dream could represent a wakefulness in your life. It could symbolize a hastening tree and resurrection in Christ.

n:Seeing rotten almonds may represent a spiritual death or not bearing good fruit.

v:Jeremiah 1:11; Numbers 17:8; Exodus 25:33-34; 1 Corinthians 15:20-23)

------------------------
t:aloe

d:Aloe is a southern African succulent in the lily family. It has several uses in health and beauty. Biblically, aloe is symbolic of fragrance.

p:Dreaming of aloe may represent healing, beauty, and God's provision in your life. Aloe may also symbolize God renewing you and healing your heart.

n:

v:Psalm 45:8; Proverbs 7:17; John 19:39)

------------------------
t:altar

d:An altar is a usually raised structure or place where sacrifices are offered or incest is burned. It is usually a place of worship. Note what material the altar was made of in the dream. See Metals.

p:Dreaming of an altar may represent a place of sacrifice. It may mean that God is calling you to sacrifice something in your life. An altar may symbolize communion and prayer with the Lord and the need to be close to Him.

n:An altar in a dream could represent death or idolatry. It could also represent worshiping false gods and lifting things up above God in your life.

v:Exodus 30:1-10; Revelation 8:3; Genesis 8:2-; Exodus 20:24-26; 2 Kings 11:18)

------------------------
t:altitude

d:Altitude is the height of an object that is vertically lifted above the ground or sea.

p:

n:Dreaming of a high altitude could mean that you have lifted yourself up in pride.

v:Colossians 3:2; Psalm 100:4; 1 Peter 5:6; Matthew 23:12; 1 Timothy 3:6)

------------------------
t:amputation

d:Amputation is the removal of something by cutting.

p:Dreaming of amputation could represent that God is cutting off the parts of your life that are not bearing fruit to allow growth.

n:In a dream, amputation could represent that some of your important assets, gifts, talents, or abilities are being cut off, leaving you with a feeling of helplessness or no ability to change a negative situation. It could represent that you are powerless and your resources have become limited.

v:Leviticus 7:27; Leviticus 23:29; 1 Samuel 16:14; 1 Timothy 6:17)

------------------------
t:anchor

d:An anchor is a device usually made from metal and is attached to a ship or boat by a rope or cable and submerged under the water to secure the boat in a certain location.

p:Dreaming of an anchor might represent security, hope, and safety. It could symbolize being rooted and grounded in God. An anchor could also mean being planted in good ground and having a good spiritual covering.

n:Seeing an anchor in a dream may represent your need to submit to God and His leadership. If you see a broken anchor it might represent that there is something in your life that would make you stray from where God has planted you.

v:Hebrews 6:18-19; Acts 27:29; Acts 27:30,40)

------------------------
t:antique

d:An antique is a relic or artifact from the past that is often collected. Antiques can range from jewelry to household items to furniture to cars. Note the setting of the dream and where you are seeing the antiques.

p:Dreaming of antiques may represent the past and the good things you have inherited from your fathers before you. Antiques may represent your past memories and things that give you comfort. Antiques could also symbolize ancient beauty and wisdom.

n:Dreaming of antiques may also symbolize being stuck in the past and the need to move forward. It may also represent the evil things inherited from your forefathers. Antiques that are broken or deformed could represent something from your past that needs to be repaired before you can move forward.

v:Jeremiah 6:16)

------------------------
t:apparel

d:Also Clothing. Apparel is one's personal attire or the clothes they wear on their body. Apparel can also refer to the clothing that is sold in stores or on the internet.

p:Dreaming of apparel or clothing may represent being under a good spiritual covering or your righteousness, spirit, or attitude. It may also represent protection and putting on the armor of God. Apparel may also symbolize God covering your flaws. Wearing someone else's clothes may represent a bond or admiration for someone. Dreaming of clothing may represent being clothed in righteousness through the Lord.

n:Seeing clothing or apparel in your dream may represent your need to submit under a spiritual covering. Wearing or seeing dirty clothes in your dream could represent that you are under the wrong covering or submitted to the wrong people or things. Dirty clothes may also represent unrighteousness. Being naked in your dream could represent being exposed and out of God's will. Wearing revealing or provocative clothes could represent your desire to seduce or please man above God. Wearing clothes that are too small for you may represent that you are trying to fit in where you don't belong because you are set apart by God. Wearing someone else's clothes may represent jealous or envy. Showing off fancy clothing may represent pride.

v:Isaiah 63:1-3; Revelation 19:7-8; 1 Timothy 2:9; Isaiah 61:10; Job 29:14)

------------------------
t:apples

d:Apples are fleshy round fruits that are usually red, green, or yellow, and grow on trees. Apples can symbolize the forbidden fruit in the Garden of Eden.

p:Dreaming of apples could represent sweet words or appreciation, for example, giving a teacher an apple. Seeing an apple in your dream could also represent the fruits of the Spirit.

n:Seeing an apple in your dream could represent sin, wickedness, or temptation. Rotten apples could also represent evil words.

v:Proverbs 25:11; Genesis 3:6; Matthew 12:33-34; Galatians 5:22-23; Proverbs 25:11; Joel 1:12; Deuteronomy 32:10)

------------------------
t:archery

d:Archery is the activity or skill of shooting with a bow and arrow.

p:Dreaming of archery could indicate one who is highly skilled in their profession. It could describe a person who is accurate and precise. It could represent a sure word of prophecy from the Lord.

n:Dreaming of archery could represent that you are a target for an attack from the enemy. It could symbolize harsh words coming at a person.

v:1 Chronicles 8:40; Jeremiah 46:9; 1 Samuel 20:20; 1 Chronicles 10:3)

------------------------
t:argument

d:An argument is the act of engaging in a verbal conflict with another person. It is also defined as a series of facts, reasons, and statements to contend for a certain perspective.

p:Dreaming of an argument could represent you warring against demonic principalities and fighting against wicked counsel or standing firm upon the Word of God in the face of temptation, trial, accusation, and persecution. This could be a dream of God equipping you with a resolute mindset, ready for battle!

n:To see yourself engaging in an argument with someone else could be an indication that there is strife and division in your heart. God may be warning you to repent. Arguments are a manifestation of pride, so it could represent the devil working in your life. It could be an indication of the enemy wanting to destroy your relationships.

v:Psalm 144:1; Ephesians 6:12-13; 2 Corinthians 10:4; 2 Timothy 2:23-26; Mark 3:24-25; Proverbs 10:12)

------------------------
t:ark of the covenant

d:The Ark of the Covenant was a sacred gold-covered wooden chest as described in the book of Exodus as containing the stone tablets of the Ten Commandments.

p:Dreaming of the Ark of the Covenant may represent the throne and presence of Jehovah. It may also represent sacredness and holiness. Dreaming of the Ark of the Covenant may represent having a close relationship with God.

n:Seeing the Ark of the Covenant in a dream may represent religion and idolatry, valuing and object more than God Himself. Dreaming of the Ark of the Covenant being covered by a cloth may represent a separation or something in your life that is blocking you from God and the need for Christ's intervention.

v:Exodus 25:10;-22; Hebrews 9:1-10; Exodus 33:6-10; Deuteronomy 10:1-5; Numbers 10:11-36; Joshua 3)

------------------------
t:armor

d:Armor is a defensive covering for the body often used in war for protection from the enemy's weapons. The Bible refers to the armor of God.

p:Dreaming of being clothed in armor could symbolize the protective covering that you are submitted under. It may also represent God preparing you for an upcoming battle.

n:Having a dream about armor may represent that you are not properly prepared for an upcoming spiritual battle and you need to put on the armor of God. Being without armor in warfare could represent a spiritual death and not being covered or protected. Broken armor might represent being susceptible to an attack from the enemy.

v:Isaiah 54:17; Ephesians 6:10-18; Hebrews 4:12; Ephesians 6:10:24)


------------------------
t:army

d:An army is a large group of armed personnel that are trained for war especially on the ground. The Bible refers to the end-time army in Joel 2.

p:To dream of an army may represent fighting in God's army against the enemy. It could symbolize a spiritual power and strength that is fighting for you. Seeing an army in your dream could represent that God is calling you to enlist in His end-time move to save souls for the Kingdom.

n:Dreaming of an army could represent that you are in the midst of satanic or spiritual warfare. Being part of an evil army in a dream could also symbolize that you are fighting on the wrong side of God.

v:2 Timothy 2:4; Revelation 19:14-19; Revelation 9:1-13; Zechariah 6:1-8; Joel 1:4)

------------------------
t:ashes

d:Ashes are the remains of something that has been burned by fire. Ashes often represent grief, repentance, or humiliation.

p:Dreaming of ashes could represent memories of your past. Ashes could also represent God getting ready to give you beauty for ashes and comfort.

n:Dreaming of ashes may symbolize sorrow and desolation. It could represent a spiritual wasteland. Ashes can mean that God's divine intervention is needed in an area of your life that has died spiritually.

v:Isaiah 58:5; Isaiah 61:3; Malachi 4:3; Matthew 11:21; Job 13:12; Job 42:6)

------------------------
t:atomic bomb

d:An atomic bomb is a bomb with explosive power that occurs by the sudden release of energy when the nucleus of a heavy chemical element splits.

p:Dreaming of an atomic bomb could represent God's power and outpouring of the Holy Spirit. An atomic bomb exploding could represent an explosion of God's miracle healing power.

n:Seeing a bomb that has not exploded yet may symbolize an upcoming attack. An atomic bomb causing destruction could represent sudden destruction from the enemy and the need to be cautious and pay attention to your surroundings.

v:Acts 1:8; Acts 2:17,19; 1 Thessalonians 5:3)

------------------------
t:atonement

d:Atonement is the reparation for an offense or sin. It is also the reconciliation of God and man through the sacrificial death of Jesus.

p:Dreaming of atonement may represent purity and cleansing. It may also symbolize God's promise in His son Jesus and redemption.

n:Dreaming of atonement may represent an area in your life where you are operating in unsanctified mercy or false humility.

v:Leviticus 17:11-14; Revelation 5:9-11)

------------------------
t:auction

d:An auction is a sale of property to the highest bidder.

p:Dreaming of an auction could represent that you are stepping out of your comfort zone to get something from God. It could symbolize that you are willing to take risks to receive what God has for you.

n:In a dream, an auction could indicate that you are willing to sell out to the highest bidder. It could represent that you may lose something valuable.

v:Ecclesiastes 11:4-6; Proverbs 3:5)

------------------------
t:authority

d:Authority is known as power and often mentioned in the Bible. It can symbolize power, control, anointing, strength, force, and command.

p:Dreaming about authority could represent that God is giving you the strength and power or right to give orders, make decisions, and enforce obedience.

n:If you dream about corrupt authority, it could represent that people are using their power or authority for their own personal gain.

v:Luke 10:19; Numbers 27:20; Matthew 20:25; Matthew 7:29; Genesis 39:4; Ephesians 6:9)

------------------------
t:autumn

d:Autumn is the season between summer and winter in which the leaves begin to change colors and fall of the trees. The temperature begins to cool down in this season.

p:Dreaming of autumn may represent the end or completion of a system, cycle, or season in your life. It may represent a change or need for change. Autumn may also symbolize repentance and preparation.

n:Autumn might represent the danger of a spiritual death if you become unfocused from what God has given you to do.

v:Isaiah 64:6; Jeremiah 8:20)

------------------------
t:axe

d:An axe is a tool that is used for cutting. It has a heavy edge which is fixed to a handle used especially for splitting wood.

p:Dreaming of an axe could represent the word of God or the gospel. Seeing an axe could symbolize preaching and exhorting others by cutting through wickedness with the word of God. An axe could also represent repentance in a dream.

n:Seeing an axe in a dream could also represent receiving a rebuke from God. An axe may also symbolize an upcoming attack from the enemy.

v:Matthew 3:10; Proverbs 27:17; Ecclesiastes 10:10)

------------------------
t:baby bottle

d:A baby bottle is a bottle with a special lid that simulates a breast and is meant for babies to drink out of.

p:Dreaming of filling a baby bottle could represent that you are laying up an inheritance for your children or grandchildren. If a baby is being weaned off a bottle in a dream it could represent that you are moving being the basic knowledge of the Word of god (milk) to more advanced (meat). Dreaming of a baby bottle could also represent comfort or being soothed.

n:Dreaming that you are drinking out of a baby bottle could also indicate that you are emotionally immature and need to grow up in areas.

v:Psalm 8:2; Psalm 17:14; Matthew 21:16; 1 Peter 2:2)

------------------------
t:backflip

d:A backflip is a backward somersault, especially in air.

p:Dreaming of a backflip could represent stepping out of your comfort zone to assist others. It could symbolize that you have a heart to go out of your way for others. It could also mean that God has given you special gifts and talents.

n:In a dream, doing a backflip could represent that you bend over backwards for people who do not appreciate you. It could indicate that you go out of your way to please the wrong people.

v:Galatians 6:5; Proverbs 10:4; Galatians 6:10)

------------------------
t:backpack

d:A backpack is is a type of back designed for use while being carried on the back. Backpacks are mostly used by students or travelers.

p:Dreaming of a backpack filled with supplies could indicate that God has provided you with resources to fulfill His Will. Dreaming that you are walking around with a backpack could represent that you are called to an outreach ministry and God will supply you as you do His Will.

n:In a dream, using a backpack that is tattered or ripped could indicate that you do not have provision. It could represent that you need a stronger foundation.

v:Haggai 1:6; Deuteronomy 25:13; Job 14:17; 1 Samuel 9:7; 1 Samuel 17:40; Proverbs 16:11; Luke 12:33)

------------------------
t:bacteria

d:Bacteria is a single-celled organism found in almost all environments. There are both beneficial bacteria that keep your body healthy and harmful bacteria that can cause infections in animals and humans.

p:Dreaming of someone who is sick could represent that God is going to heal them. Seeing bacteria in a dream could symbolize that humility and repentance are needed to heal a spiritual condition.

n:In a dream, bacteria could symbolize that one is being infected spiritually or naturally. It could also represent judgment.

v:Leviticus 13:45-46; Matthew 8:3; Mark 1:40-42; Matthew 10:8; Numbers 5:2; 2 Chronicles 26:23; 2 Kings 5:27)

------------------------
t:balance

d:A balance is an instrument for weighing and a means of judging or deciding. It is important to note what two things the balance is weighing.

p:Dreaming of a balance in a dream represent a just weight in judgment or God's fair judgment on a certain person or situation. A balance can also represent honesty.

n:Seeing a balance with the scales tipped in an unfavorable way can symbolize an upcoming judgment against you and a warning that if something doesn't change judgment is inevitable.

v:Proverbs 11:1; Daniel 5:27; Job 31:6)

------------------------
t:baldness

d:Baldness is the state of one having no hair on their head. Being bald in a dream can symbolize different things.

p:Dreaming of a bald head can represent humility.

n:Seeing a bald head in your dream could also represent weakness.

v:Jeremiah 47:4-5; Jeremiah 48:27; Leviticus 13:42-44; Proverbs 11:1; Proverbs 16:11)

------------------------
t:balloon

d:A balloon is an inflatable bag filled with air or gas, like helium, which is usually used as a toy or for decoration.

p:Dreaming of a balloon could represent God showing you rejoicing and celebration coming into your life. Balloons could also represent your hopes and desires in life.

n:Seeing balloons in a dream could represent an inflated opinion you have about yourself. It could also symbolize pride in your life. Seeing balloons being popped could represent stress or depression in your life.

v:Esther 8:15; 1 Samuel 18:6; Psalm 71:13; Proverbs 8:13)

------------------------
t:balm

d:Balm is either an ointment with a fragrance or a salve used to heal as well as soothe the skin.

p:In a dream, balm could represent a miracle of healing.

n:Dreaming of balm could represent a person or a group of individuals who were severely wounded that are trying to recover from the pain of entering judgment.

v:Jeremiah 8:22; Jeremiah 46:11; Jeremiah 51:8)

------------------------
t:banner

d:A banner is an object, character, figure, or color used to represent abstract ideas or concepts which can represent an idea, tribe, or nation.

p:Dreaming of a banner may represent God's protection, loce, or covering on a person or group of people.

n:In a dream, a banner could represent a fear of being overcome. It could indicate a fear of the enemy taking over.

v:Exodus 17:15; Paslm 20:5; Psalm 60:4; Song of Solomon 2:4; Psalm 20:5)

------------------------
t:barley

d:Barley is a grain that is used especially today in malt beverages, breakfast foods, and stock feeds.

p:

n:Seeing barley in a dream may also represent poverty and being of a low reputation.

v:Ruth 1:22; Numbers 5:15; Hosea 3:2; Judges 7:12)

------------------------
t:baseball cards

d:Baseball cards are a type of trading card that feature baseball players and are collected and traded and sometimes worth a lot of money.

p:Dreaming of baseball cards can mean that you highly esteem someone. Pay attention to who is on the card.

n:Baseball cards in a dream could symbolize idolatry and hero worship or that you are improperly lifting someone up.

v:1 Thessalonians 5:13; 1 Samuel 17:4)

------------------------
t:basket

d:A basket is a receptacle made of woven material. They are usually lightweight and made of wood.

p:Dreaming of a basket could indicate God's provision in your life. It could also represent the miracle of multiplication in your life if you see several baskets.

n:Dreaming of a basket could also represent being ashamed, secretive, or disobedient (as in hiding something under a bushel).

v:Matthew 5:15; Matthew 10; Matthew 15:37; Matthew 16:9)

------------------------
t:bassinet

d:A bassinet is a bed for a baby to sleep in that is shaped like a basket.

p:Dreaming of a bassinet could indicate that a new beginning has started. It could represent a natural or spiritual birthing of something. If you are in the bassinet it could mean that God is protecting you.

n:To dream of a baby bassinet that has been destroyed, with no covering, or empty could represent a broken promise, abandonment, or judgment.

v:Luke 12:7; Isaiah 1:3)

------------------------
t:bathing suit

d:A bathing suit is also known as a swimsuit and is clothing designed to be worn by people engaging in a water-based activity, water sports, or sun bathing. It is usually made of man-made fibers. Bathing is symbolic of washing in dreams, so to see yourself in a bathing suit in water could represent cleansing. Spiritually, a bathing suit could represent God working a renewal in your life.

p:Dreaming of wearing a bathing suit in the shower could represent that you are in a present state of sanctification, cleansing, and purification by washing. In a dream, wearing a bathing suit may represent that God is calling you to renew yourself with the Word of God.

n:Dreaming of being at a pool without a bathing suit could represent unpreparedness in your life. It could also be indicative that you need to make things right with God and need Him to transform and convert your heart. Dreaming of wearing a dirty bathing suit could represent that while you appear to be on the right track, your heart is not in the right place. It could be a warning of God to check your heart.

v:Ephesians 5:26; Numbers 19:9; John 13:5; Acts 22:16)

------------------------
t:bathrobe

d:A bathrobe is a loose, often absorbent, robe worn before and after bathing or as a dressing gown.

p:Dreaming of a bathrobe could represent a covering over your life. It could also represent repentance and humility. A bathrobe could indicate that God is meeting your needs.

n:In a dream, a bathrobe could symbolize God showing you that you need more humility in your life.

v:Acts 12:8; 1 Peter 5:6)

------------------------
t:battery

d:A battery is a container that holds cells in which chemical energy is converted into electricity. Batteries are used as source of power.

p: In a dream, batteries can represent the Holy Spirit. It may also represent a level of power an individual may have. The battery could also represent life with God as the power source.

n:Seeing a dead battery in a dream could represent a lack of power in one's life. If a battery is destroyed it could also represent backsliding.

v:Luke 1:35; Genesis 49:24; Romans 15:13)

------------------------
t:bayonet

d:A bayonet is a knife or a small sword that is used as a spear when attached to the end of a rifle.

p:In a dream, a bayonet could symbolize a weapon used to destroy a stronghold.

n:Dreaming of a bayonet could also represent someone slandering another with hateful words designed to destroy that individual.

v:2 Corinthians 10:4; Psalm 64:3; Psalm 57:4)

------------------------
t:beam

d:A beam is a long piece of material, usually wood, that is used in construction and for support.

p:Dreaming of a beam may represent the strength and support you have from the Lord. It could also symbolize a firm foundation and being strong in the Lord. A strong supportive beam could represent Jesus Christ in your life.

n:If you see a broken beam or beams that are falling apart it could symbolize a weak foundation and something in your life that will not last. It could also represent that someone or something may not be what it looks like from the outside, but the inside foundation is not strong.

v:Matthew 7:3; Ephesians 6:10; 2 Timothy 2:19-21; 1 Corinthians 3:11)

------------------------
t:beard

d:A beard is the hair the grows on a man's face, usually excluding the mustache. Beards usually represent masculinity.

p:Dreaming of a beard could represent the condition of one's heart. A clean shaven and tidy beard could suggest obedience and a strong spiritual covering. It could also represent being strong but gentle.

n:Dreaming of a rough, unshaven and unkempt beard could represent spiritual neglect in one's life. It could also symbolize a rough or coarse personality or hard heart.

v:Leviticus 21:5; Psalm 133:2)

------------------------
t:beastiality

d:Beastiality is the act of sexual intercourse with an animal.

p:

n:Dreaming of beastiality represents inordinate lust, deviant sex acts, sin, and obscenity.

v:Leviticus 18:23; 1 Thessalonians 4:3-5)

------------------------
t:bed

d:A bed is a piece of furniture on which one sleeps. It is often symbolic of rest. A bed could also be referring to the bottom of a body of water or ground where plants are grown.

p:Dreaming of a bed could represent salvation, meditation, and intimacy. It could also symbolize peace, or a marriage covenant. Dreaming of a hospital bed could indicate that healing is taking place.

n:Beds in a dream could also symbolize an evil covenant such as adultery or harmful self-made conditions (as in, “You made your bed, now sleep in it.”) A bed could also suggest that you need more sleep or that you are too lazy. An unmade bed could represent carelessness in your decision-making.

v:Psalm 4:4; Isaiah 28:18-20; Hebrews 13:4; Job 17:13-16; Luke 11:7; Genesis 49:33; Genesis 28:11)

------------------------
t:bedspread

d:A bedspread is a usually ornamental cloth cover for a bed.

p:Dreaming of a bedspread could represent that you are under a godly covering. It could represent relaxation and comfort in one's life.

n:In a dream, a bedspread could symbolize that one is too familiar or comfortable in their circumstances and has become slothful. A bedspread could represent one who does not want to leave their comfort zone.

v:1 Samuel 19:13; 2 Kings 8:15)

------------------------
t:bells

d:A bell is a hollow metal device that makes a sound when struck. Bells are often used as musical instruments, signals, or alarms.

p:Hearing or seeing bells in a dream may indicate that times are changing. It could also symbolize God's presence and manifestation of the Spirit.

n:In a dream, the sound of a bell could be indicative of upcoming danger if it is an alarm. It could mean that one has overslept and missed out on something. Bells could also represent vanity and pride.

v:Exodus 28:34; 1 Corinthians 13:1; 1 Corinthians 14:22; Isaiah 3:16)

------------------------
t:belt

d:In the physical realm, a belt is a piece of material, usually leather, that is worn around the waist and used for fashion or to hold up one's pants. In the spiritual realm, a belt can represent the truth of God's Word.

p:Dreaming of a belt could represent the truth of God's Word, a prophet, or even a prophecy of some kind. Pay attention to the context of the dream and who is wearing the belt.

n:In a dream, if one is tied up or bound by a belt, it could be symbolic of discipline or being captured in the future.

v:Ephesians 6:14; John 17:17; 2 Kings 1:8; 2 Samuel 18:11; Acts 21:11)

------------------------
t:bikini

d:A bikini is a women's two-piece bathing suit used for swimming or going to the beach.

p:A bikini in a dream could represent pleasure or enjoyable activities.

n:Dreaming of a bikini can represent being uncovered or having an insufficient covering. It could also represent carnality, seduction, and temptation.

v:Isaiah 47:3)

------------------------
t:bingo

d:Bingo is a game of chance that is played with cards that have numbered squares where numbers are drawn at random and if five squares in a row get called the person who has that board wins.

p:Dreaming of bingo could represent winning at something in your life or being correct about something. Bingo could also represent sudden victory or a new idea or understanding of something.

n:Seeing a game of bingo in a dream could represent gambling in life's decisions or leaning on your own understanding instead of God's.

v:1 Corinthians 9:24; Matthew 16:15-16)

------------------------
t:binoculars

d:Binoculars are a handheld instrument with two telescopes that have the ability to magnify and focus on things in the distance.

p:Dreaming of binoculars could represent having an understanding or prophetic vision into the future. Seeing an event through binoculars could symbolize God showing you future events.

n:Seeing binoculars that are unfocused or blurry could represent not having an understanding of something or your focus in life being on the wrong thing.

v:John 16:13; 2 Corinthians 3:13)

------------------------
t:blemish

d:A blemish is a noticeable imperfection, stain, or flaw, usually relating to one's skin such as a pimple or a cut.

p:Seeing a blemish in a dream could represent the Lord showing you the areas in your life that you need to change in order to be the perfect bride to Him.

n:Dreaming of a blemish could represent imperfections of the human nature and something in your life that is hindering you.

v:Psalm 147:3; Proverbs 18:8)

------------------------
t:blindness

d:Blindness is having the inability to see with your eyes. It could be temporary or permanent. It could be where your vision is blurry or completely black.

p:

n:Being blind in a dream could also symbolize being without understanding or foolish. It could represent ignorance and self-righteousness in refusing to acknowledge your surroundings.

v:Matthew 15:14; Revelation 3:17; Matthew 23:26; 2 Peter 1:9; 1 John 2:11)

------------------------
t:blister

d:A blister is a small bubble on the skin caused by friction, burning, or other damage. Metaphorically, a blister could represent someone or something that is annoying.

p:Seeing a blister in a dream could represent healing, hard work, or diligence.

n:In a dream, blisters could symbolize judgment, destruction, disease, or annoyance. Dreaming of a blister that pops could represent that you are putting too much pressure on someone.

v:Acts 18:1-3; Ephesians 4:28; 1 Thessalonians 4:12; Job 5:18; Jeremiah 30:17)

------------------------
t:blizzard

d:A blizzard is a heavy snowstorm that involves decreased visibility.

p:In a dream, a blizzard could represent repentance. It could symbolize God cleansing a situation or circumstance.

n:Dreaming of a blizzard could indicate that one's eyes are blinded and they might not be making right decisions.

v:Proverbs 25:13; Matthew 28:3; Daniel 7:9; James 1:12; 2 corinthians 4:16-18)

------------------------
t:body odor

d:Body odor is an unpleasant smell coming from the body of a person who is unclean or sweaty.

p:Body odor in a dream can be God showing you areas in your life that need to be cleaned or that you need spiritual cleansing.

n:Dreaming of body odor can represent uncleanliness, a bad attitude, filthiness of the flesh, or rejection.

v:James 4:8; 2 Corinthians 7:1; James 1:21; Ecclesiastes 10:1)

------------------------
t:bonnet

d:A bonnet is a soft cap worn by babies or women to cover and preserve their hair.

p:Dreaming of wearing a bonnet could represent protection from harm or danger. The bonnet could represent a covering or shield from God.

n:Dreaming of having a bonnet but not wearing it could represent one who has their guard down. It could indicate that one needs more trust in the Holy Spirit's guidance.

v:Psalm 3:3; Psalm 18:35; Psalm 21:11; 1 Samuel 26:24; 2 Timothy 1:7; Psalm 56:11; John 16:13; Revelation 21:8)

------------------------
t:book

d:A book is a set of written, printed, or blank sheets of paper bound together with a front and back cover. Pay attention to the title or contents of the book in your dream.

p:Dreaming of a book could represent divine revelation and impartation of whatever the book is. It could represent the Word of God or the Lord trying to get your attention with whatever the book says. A book may represent life, as in the book of life. It may represent God showing you your destiny.

n:If the book has a negative theme, it could represent that you are consuming the contents of the book in your personal or spiritual life. It could be God showing you areas in your life that need changing or that are hindering you.

v:Revelation 10; Ezekiel 3)

------------------------
t:bookmark

d:A bookmark is usually a strip of paper that is put between the pages of a book to help one find the page they last read.

p:When dreaming of a bookmark, it may represent God pointing something out to you. It could also represent the Holy Spirit bringing something back to your remembrance. A bookmark could also indicate God's help in a season to get back to where you left off.

n:Seeing a bookmark that has been on the same page for a long time could represent a spirit of slothfulness in one's life or not having a sense of urgency.

v:Revelation 20:15; Joshua 1:8; John 5:39-47)

------------------------
t:bookshelf

d:A bookshelf is an open shelf for the purpose of storing and displaying a collection of books. It could represent one's ideals, beliefs, and knowledge.

p:Dreaming of a bookshelf could represent the mind or heart. If the bookshelf is full it could indicate God compelling, you to fill your heart with the knowledge and wisdom of His Word through studying. It could also be a call to consecrate and meditate upon the things of God. Seeing specific books on a bookshelf could be a call to read those specific books to gain wisdom or revelation from a man or woman of God.

n:To see a bookshelf that is empty, broken, or covered in dust could represent your spiritual mindset and the lack of true devotion to the study of God's Word. To see large books on this shelf could represent worldly wisdom that you've stored up that is blocking your mind from receiving or accepting God's Word. It could also show certain things that have negatively influenced your character.

v:2 Timothy 2:15; Philippians 4:8; Job 12:13; Ephesians 5:15-17; Proverbs 28:26)

------------------------
t:boom gate

d:A boom gate is something that keeps vehicles from entering a place or crossing a certain point. When a car reaches a boom gate, it will not open until the car has permission to enter. Dreaming of a boom gate could symbolize the need to wait on God before making any moves.

p:If you dream about sitting at a boom gate and it opens and you can enter, it could mean that God is getting ready to advance you or bring you in. It could also be symbolic of God's encouragement in continuing to wait on Him.

n:A boom gate could also symbolize that one may not enter into a certain phase of their life yet and must continue to wait on God.

v:Hosea 12:6; Psalm 25:5; James 5:7-8; Micah 7:7; Isaiah 8:17)

------------------------
t:bottle

d:A bottle is a typically glass or plastic container use to hold liquids. When people think of a bottle they usually think about baby bottles or bottles of alcohol.

p:Dreaming of a bottle may represent a source of supplication or sustenance. It could symbolize being sustained in the natural or spiritual realm. A bottle may represent feelings of comfort or relaxation.

n:Seeing a bottle in your dream may represent being a babe in Christ and the need to grow as a son of God. It may represent God calling you out to rely on Him and stop being so dependent on others. Seeing a full bottle or a bottle being shaken may represent that you are bottling up your emotions and need to express them. Seeing alcohol bottles may also represent an ungodly dependency in your life or an addiction that is hindering you.

v:Mark 2:22; Matthew 9:17)

------------------------
t:bow and arrow

d:A bow and arrow is a weapon system that contains a device that uses elasticity for launching something (bow) and projectiles (arrows) which are launched. Often used as a weapon or sport of archery.

p:Dreaming of a bow and arrow may represent words of power, prayer, and deliverance. It may represent waging a war against the enemy.

n:Seeing a bow and arrow in your dream could symbolize people or words. It could represent accusations and slander. The arrows could also

v:Psalm 38:2; Psalm 64: 3; Psalm 11:2; Proverbs 25:1; 2 Kings 13:17; Isaiah 49:2)

------------------------
t:bracelet

d:A bracelet is a piece of jewelry, a band, or a chain that is worn around the wrist. Note what the bracelet is made out of in the dream.

p:Dreaming of a bracelet can represent a betrothal or a pledge. A bracelet can also represent a promise or a vow.

n:If a bracelet in a dream is broken it could represent a promise or vow that is not kept.

v:Isaiah 3:19; 2 Kings 13:14-19)

------------------------
t:bramble

d:Also Brier. A bramble is a prickly shrub that grows on plants of the rose family including raspberries and blackberries.

p:Seeing brambles in your dream that you are avoiding represents overcoming and victory over hindrances.

n:Dreaming of a bramble can represent fruitlessness or a curse that may be hindering your progress. Brambles could also represent a snare or obstacle from the enemy, a trial, a wicked person, or rejection.

v:Isaiah 34:13; Luke 6:44)

------------------------
t:bread

d:Bread is a food that is usually baked and leavened made mainly from flour or meal. Bread is talked about several times in the Bible literally and figuratively. Jesus is described as the bread of life.

p:Dreaming of bread could represent life or the Word of God. It could also symbolize a covenant, substance, and provision (money, food, etc.)

n:Bread that is moldy could represent someone or something that is unfit. It could also represent religious doctrine and tradition without revelation or something stale and defiled.

v:Matthew 4:4; Judges 7:13-14; John 13:18; 2 Thessalonians 3:8; Matthew 6:11; Joshua 9:5; Malachi 1:7; 1 Corinthians 5:8; Matthew 15:2-3,6)

------------------------
t:breastplate

d:A breastplate is a type of armor and usually a metal plate which is used for defense of the chest. A breastplate is also something worn in ancient times by the Jewish high priest which had twelve gemstones and the names of the tribes of Israel.

p:Seeing a breastplate in a dream could represent defense, royalty, or righteousness. It could symbolize putting on the armor of God and being prepared for battle.

n:Dreaming of a breastplate could represent a warning about an upcoming spiritual battle. If you see a cracked or broken breastplate it could represent not being properly prepared for battle.

v:Ephesians 6:14)

------------------------
t:breath

d:Breath is the act of breathing and the air that exits one's lungs when they exhale. Breath represents life as stated in Genesis when God breathed into Adam the breath of life.

p:Dreaming of breath or breathing represents active life and being receptive and responsive.

n:If you dream of someone not breathing it may symbolize that one is spiritually dead and needs divine resuscitation.

v:Genesis 2:7; Daniel 5:23)

------------------------
t:brick

d:A brick is a strong paving material which is often used in building homes and other building structures.

p:Dreaming of bricks may represent having a firm foundation in Christ. A brick could also be symbolic of Jesus as the chief cornerstone.

n:Bricks can also symbolize slavery and works of men. Bricks can represent an imitation stone or deception.

v:Psalm 18:2; Ephesians 2:19-20; Genesis 11:3)

------------------------
t:bridge

d:A bridge is a structure that carries a pathway or road over a depression, body of water, or other obstacle. Bridges are a means of connection or transition.

p:Dreaming of a bridge could represent the way of the Lord. It could also represent faith and a trial of faith (as in fighting the good fight of faith). A bridge could symbolize the joining of two people or things.

n:Seeing a wobbly or broken bridge may represent a weak foundation, connection, or relationship. It may be a warning to tread lightly in certain situations.

v:John 14:6; 1 Timothy 6:12; Romans 8:26)

------------------------
t:briefcase

d:A briefcase is a flat handheld carrier usually used in the business world for papers or books. Briefcases in a dream can be representative of a messenger or information that is concealed until the right time. It can represent the heart and its contents.

p:Dreaming of carrying a briefcase or someone else carrying a briefcase could represent one who holds a special message. It could also represent that one is about to receive good news or a blessing. A briefcase could symbolize something that God wants to reveal.

n:To dream of a briefcase that is stolen or mishandled could represent that the enemy wants to steal your blessing or important information is in the hands of the wrong person. Pay attention to the person who has access to special things in your life.

v:Daniel 12:4; Revelation 6:1; Deuteronomy 32:34; Psalm 25:14; John 12:6)

------------------------
t:broad

d:In a dream, taking the broad way may mean that you are headed to destruction. It could also represent easy entrance or access.

p:Dreaming of a broad body of water could represent spiritual mysteries or the deep things of God.

n:When you dream of a broad path, it could symbolize destruction or being on the way to it.

v:Matthew 7:14; Ephesians 3:18; Matthew 7:13)

------------------------
t:broken heart

d:A broken heart could represent that one's heart is damaged or hurt emotionally. It can represent one's character, spirit, thoughts, and emotions.

p:Dreaming of a broken heart could represent God showing you that He is near to you during this season. It could also represent God mending and healing your heart. A broken heart could symbolize becoming broken before the Lord and laying your will down for His.

n:Dreaming of a broken heart could also represent that one's heart is wicked, unforgiving, and offended. It could symbolize how one is being hindered from reaching their destiny due to the condition of their heart. A broken heart could show an area where God wants to mend or heal.

v:Psalm 51:17; Psalm 34:18; Psalm 73:26; Isaiah 43:18; Psalm 30:5)

------------------------
t:broom

d:A broom is a bundle of fibers attached to a long handle or stick used for cleaning and sweeping.

p:Dreaming of a broom or sweeping with a broom could represent cleaning house or putting away sin. If the broom is being used for cleaning it could mean preparation.

n:Seeing a broom that looks like a witch's broom could represent witchcraft, manipulation, and control. It could also represent sweeping important things under the rug.

v:John 2:15; Galatians 5:19-20)

------------------------
t:bruise

d:A bruise is an injury related to a rupture of blood vessels under the skin. When the Bible refers to bruises, it is usually related to victory. Bruises can also represent situations that are hurtful but not dangerous.

p: Dreaming of a bruise could represent having victory in your life. It could also represent going through a tough situation, but coming out safe. It could represent trials you must endure to receive victory.

n:Dreaming of bruises could represent stress or pressure or a wound in your heart from being hurt. Bruising could also indicate God's judgment. Bruises may be given by God to teach or humble you. Dreaming of bruises could also represent that you are deficient in some area of your life.

v:Isaiah 53:5; Romans 16:20; Matthew 12:20; Luke 9:39)

------------------------
t:bubble gum

d:Bubble gum is a type of kid-friendly chewing gum that is used especially for blowing large bubbles.

p:Dreaming of bubble gum could represent fun and having childlike faith.

n:Dreaming about yourself or someone else chewing bubble gum or blowing bubbles could symbolize childishness, foolishness, or immaturity.

v:Matthew 18:2-3; Proverbs 15:14; Proverbs 22:15)

------------------------
t:bubble

d:A bubble is a small globule which is usually hollow and light and is a small body of gas within a liquid or something that is hemispherical. Bubbles often refer to many emotions or joyful expectations. One's emotion in the dream plays a major role in its interpretation.

p:Dreaming of bubbles could represent hope, enthusiasm, or expectation. It could symbolize a good feeling or belief that wonderful things are possible.

n:To dream of bubbles could also represent the fragility of life, temporary conditions, or false hope. It could also represent grandiose wishes. If the bubble bursts and you feel sad or disappointed, it could represent being let down by someone or something in life and the need to put your trust in the Lord.

v:James 4:14; Psalm 45:1)

------------------------
t:bucket

d:A bucket is an object that carries or holds liquids or solids. It is usually cylindrical with an open top and could be made out of several materials. It can also be referred to as a vessel in which things are poured in and out of. Buckets could represent servants of God.

p:Dreaming of water being poured out of a bucket could represent God elevating your seed. If the bucket is being used for work it could represent God using an individual for good work. If you dream of clay or raw material being formed into a vessel it could represent the Father establishing a person or molding one for His good pleasure.

n:Dreaming of a bucket that is made of stone or wood and filled with blood could represent God's judgment. Dust in a bucked could represent something that is insignificant. A broken bucket could represent one no longer being useful or being unwise or complacent in their walk with God.

v:Genesis 43:11; Numbers 24:7; 2 Timothy 2:20-21; 1 Thessalonians 4:4; Acts 9:15; Isaiah 64:8; Exodus 7:19; Isaiah 40:15; Isaiah 30:14; Romans 9:21-22)

------------------------
t:bud

d:A bud is something that has not come to complete fruition yet, as in a flower, leaf, or other plant. Buds represent new beginnings and production.

p:Dreaming of a bud could represent that you are beginning to produce new life in God or that you have sprung forth as a tender plant. It could also represent new beginnings or opportunities in your life.

n:Dreaming that a plant has not budded or a bud has not bloomed on time could represent an area of disobedience in your life that is hindering growth. It could also represent risk of judgment due to not producing fruit.

v:Isaiah 53:2; Numbers 17:8; Job 14:9; Galatians 6:15; Matthew 21:19)

------------------------
t:bundle

d:A bundle is a group of items conveniently wrapped together for carrying or storing. The bundle is often stronger together as opposed to being individual.

p:A bundle is something that could represent a covenant with a friend. It could also represent a bond that you share with a group. A bundle could also represent sharing with others.

n:Dreaming of a bundle could represent something that is hard to find such as “a needle in a haystack.” It could also symbolize something that needs to be burned up so that something better can take its place.

v:Matthew 13:30; 1 Samuel 25:29; Ruth 2:16; Ruth 3:15; Acts 28:3)

------------------------
t:burden

d:A burden is something that is carried that weighs you down.

p:Dreaming of a someone helping you carry something heavy could represent the Lord taking your burden from you or carrying your load.

n:If you dream of carrying something heavy such as boxes or luggage it could represent that you are carrying something in your life that is weighing you down.

v:Nehemiah 13:15; Isaiah 58:6; Psalm 55:22; Exodus 18:22; Isaiah 10:27; Numbers 11:17; Psalm 38:4)

------------------------
t:burrow

d:A burrow is a place of rest, hiding place, or habitation. Animals often make burrows in the ground as a place of refuge or safety. Burrows could represent shelters or a place of security. They could also represent the hard work that was involved to make something important.

p:Dreaming of a burrow could represent protection, peace, and rest. It could also represent the protection of God in one's life. A burrow could represent the Kingdom of God and finding rest in the Lord.

n:If you dream of a burrow, it could symbolize that one is living in fear and afraid to confront life's issues. It could also represent the act of hiding or trying to escape something. A burrow could symbolize laziness or other areas that God needs to deal with you in.

v:Psalm 91:1-2; Proverbs 30:26; Psalm 104:18; Hebrews 4:9-11; Matthew 8:20; Isaiah 2:19)

------------------------
t:bush

d:A bush is a low densely branched shrub. Bushes are referred to in the Bible, most notably when God spoke to Moses out of the burning bush.

p:Dreaming of a green bush in a dream may represent an upcoming happy event. It could also symbolize a person's growth in life or a call to ministry. If you dream that you are maneuvering through bushes or hedges, it may symbolize going through obstacles in order to fulfill a purpose.

n:Dreaming of hiding behind a bush could represent dishonesty toward yourself or others. To dream of a bush with thorns may suggest a problematic relationship in your life. If a bush is dead and without leaves, it could mean that your plans will fail and you need to trust God.

v:Exodus 3:1-5; Acts 7:30-34; Luke 20:37; Deuteronomy 33:13-16; Mark 12:26; Acts 7:35)

------------------------
t:business card

d:A business card is a small card in which one list's their job or service and their contact information. This could represent advertising or bringing prosperity or growth.

p:Dreaming of a business card could represent that a partnership is coming to you or a meaningful relationship is about to be developed. It could represent that new relationship are about to commence which could lead you to success and prosperity.

n:If you misplace a business card, it could represent that a partnership is over. It could also indicate the end of a relationship or failure and disappointment.

v:Proverbs 22:29; 1 Thessalonians 4:11; Luke 2:49; Romans 12:11; Romans 8:18)

------------------------
t:business

d:Business is a commercial or mercantile activity. It can be an occupation, trade, or profession.

p:Dreaming of business can symbolize the works of the Kingdom establishment, for example, “about my Father's business.” Business could represent a person's actual job in the natural.

n:A business being destroyed in a dream could represent Satan's work is being destroyed.

v:Luke 2:49; 1 Thessalonians 4:11; 1 John 5:4)

------------------------
t:butter

d:Butter is a solid emulsion of fat, air, and water which is made from churning milk or cream.

p:Seeing butter in a dream may represent doing the will of God or the work of God. Butter may also represent fulfillment.

n:Butter could also represent not doing the will of God. It could symbolize one's deceptive motives, words, or works. Butter could represent a smooth talker or deceiver.

v:Psalm 55:21; Proverbs 30:33; Hebrews 5:12-14; Isaiah 7:15)

------------------------
t:button

d:A button carries several definitions including an item used to fasten clothes, something pressed to operate electronic equipment, etc. Pay attention to what kind of button(s) you see in a dream.

p:Dreaming of a button could represent being held together or having a sure foundation in God. If you see buttons being pressed on a remote control or doorbell, it could represent God “pushing your buttons” to motivate you.

n:In a dream, if you see a broken or missing button on clothing, it could symbolize a weak foundation or trouble in one's spiritual life. Dreaming of buttons being pushed could represent an annoyance in your life or a pest.

v:Isaiah 22:23; Ecclesiastes 12:11; Acts 28:3; 1 Samuel 31:10)

------------------------
t:cabinet

d:A cabinet is a private storage place with shelves and doors for storing objects or for the safe keeping of valuables.

p:If you are inside of a cabinet in a dream, it could represent that God is covering you in His secret place and protecting you. If the cabinet door is open in a dream, that could mean that God is revealing things of value to you. It could represent that you've come upon revelation or gifts from God.

n:Dreaming of a cabinet with the door closed, it could mean that God is concealing things from you until you inquire of Him. God could be showing you the need to “ask, seek, and knock.”

v:Psalm 91:1; Psalm 27:5; Proverbs 25:2; Deuteronomy 29:29; Matthew 7:7; Revelation 3:20)

------------------------
t:cake

d:Cake is a bread-like food that is made from dough or batter. It is often sweet and used as a special treat for holidays and birthdays.

p:Dreaming of cake could represent the sweet words of the Lord. Cake could also symbolize a divine food. An unleavened cake may symbolize an offering without sin. Cake could also indicate a sacrifice.

n:Dreaming of a leavened cake may represent an offering permeated by the sinfulness of man. It may also symbolize gluttony and greed.

v:Psalm 119:103-104; Exodus 12:39; Leviticus 7:13; Numbers 15:20; 1 Kings 17:13)

------------------------
t:calendar

d:A calendar is a system for fixing the beginning, length, and divisions of a year. A calendar is used for organization, scheduling, planning, and keeping track of dates. When dreaming of a calendar, pay attention to what month it is and what number coincides with that month.

p:Dreaming of a certain date on a calendar could represent an important time, date, event, or appointment in one's life. An organized calendar may represent that you are organized an on top of things.

n:Seeing a calendar in your dream could be a warning of an upcoming trial. A disorganized calendar could mean that you need to implement God's order in your life. An empty calendar could mean that you need to be more consistent in doing God's work and that you may not be spending enough time with the Lord. Seeing a calendar that is full may mean that you are spreading yourself too thin and need to prioritize.

v:Ecclesiastes 3; Hosea 6:11; Numbers 4:27; Job 2:11)

------------------------
t:candle

d:A candle is a molded or dipped mas of wax containing a wick that may be burned.

p:A candle in a dream may represent the light, word, or Spirit of God. A candle can represent our job as believers to evangelize and spread the Lord to believers as the light of the world. A candlestick may represent Christ and the church.

n:If you see a candle that is blown out or that won't light, it may represent a heart that has grown cold to the things of God. It could also represent spiritual death.

v:Matthew 5:15-16; John 8:12; John 1:5; Psalm 119:105)

------------------------
t:candy

d:Candy is a sweet treat, often made from lots of sugar. Candy can represent something sweet in one's life. Too much candy can lead to health problems or sickness.

p: Eating candy in a dream could represent a person who is enjoying themselves or certain moments in their life.

n:Dreaming about eating excessive amounts of candy could represent greediness or depression that leads to binge eating.

v:Ecclesiastes 2:24; Ecclesiastes 3:13; Proverbs 20:21)

------------------------
t:canteen

d:A canteen is a bottle used for carrying liquids.

p:Dreaming of a canteen could represent one's heart which could include communion and fellowship with God. A canteen full of water could represent that one's heart is filled with the Holy Spirit.

n:Dreaming of a canteen could represent one wanting to easily fulfill the lusts of the flesh. An empty canteen could also indicate a cold or empty heart.

v:Revelation 19:9; 1 Corinthians 11:33-34; Revelation 3:20; Genesis 18:4-6)

------------------------
t:cash register

d:A cash register is a machine used for regulating and storing money. It has a compartmental drawer for cash and totals sales and transactions.

p:Dreaming of a cash register in a dream could be a form of strategy given to you by the Lord as He did in His ministry. Being over a cash register could represent good stewardship. If you see a full cash register in your dream, it could indicate a bountiful ministry or an upcoming financial blessing.

n:In a dream, a cash register could represent a materialistic spirit and being consumed with money. An empty cash register could indicate spiritual or natural barrenness.

v:Psalm 87:6; Luke 14:28; Matthew 6:24)

------------------------
t:cattail

d:Also Bulrush. A cattail is a plant that is characterized by its long hollow grass reed and distinguishable spike of tiny flowers. They are used in many products from paper to blankets to perfume to food to medicine and more.

p:Dreaming about a bulrush could represent that a notable change is going to take place in your life, like when Moses was drawn out of the Nile river leading the captives away from their oppressor. It could represent encouragement. Bulrushes or cattails could also represent concealing and transporting.

n:The brown flower on the cattail draws the most attention, not the reed/stem. If the focus is on the flower it could represent a false prophet. If the cattail head is being shaken, it may symbolize a poisonous or vengeful situation.

v:Exodus 2:3; Isaiah 18:2; Isaiah 9:14-15; Isaiah 19:7; Isaiah 58:5)

------------------------
t:cavity

d:A cavity is an unfilled space within a mass. Cavities usually refer to teeth when there is an area of decay.

p:Dreaming of a cavity could represent one opening themselves up to allow God to fill them. Seeing a cavity being filled or repaired could symbolize overcoming insecurities or sins.

n:In a dream, a cavity could represent a spiritual decay in one's life that could be a result of backsliding. Dreaming of a cavity could indicate fear in one's life.

v:1 John 4:8; Isaiah 41:10; Genesis 43:18; Luke 8:25)

------------------------
t:ceiling

d:A ceiling is the overhead lining in a room. When dreaming of a ceiling it can represent protection or a spiritual high place. It could also symbolize limitations you have set for yourself.

p:Dreaming of a ceiling could represent God's protection and covering you have over your life. It could also represent you going higher spiritually.

n:A ceiling could also represent limitations you or someone else have placed over yourself. It could also represent being stubborn and not letting God take you higher. A ceiling could symbolize complacency and unwillingness to get better. Dreaming of a ceiling being destroyed could represent you are no longer under God's covering.

v:Matthew 8:8-9; 1 Kings 6:15; 2 Thessalonians 3:3; Isaiah 54:17; 1 Samuel 15:23)

------------------------
t:cement

d:Cement is a binding element that is used as an ingredient of mortar or concrete.

p:Dreaming of cement could represent something that God is binding together. It could also represent being solid in one's belief, having unwavering faith, or having a strong foundation.

n:In a dream, cement could represent one who is hard-hearted or bound by a stronghold.

v:Luke 6:48; Isaiah 28:16; 1 Samuel 25:37; Zechariah 7:12)

------------------------
t:chair

d:A chair is a seat that usually has four legs and a back and is used for sitting. In a dream, pay attention to what the chair looks like and what context it is shown in.

p:Dreaming of a chair may represent rest or position. It could also represent quietness or a position of authority. Sitting in someone else's seat may represent an admiration for that person or a desire to learn from them. It could also represent the throne of God.            

n:Seeing person sitting in a baby chair may represent immaturity and foolishness. Seeing someone sitting in a chair that isn't theirs may symbolize pride and rebellion or a Luciferian spirit.

v:Isaiah 30:15; Matthew 23:2,6; Hebrews 4:16)

------------------------
t:charcoal

d:Charcoal is a dark substance obtained by heating wood or other organic substances in the absence of air. Charcoal can be burned for fuel.

p:Dreaming of charcoal could represent that you are letting go of past hurts or things that have destroyed your life. It could represent releasing pain or disappointments and shame.

n:Dreaming of charcoal colored ashes could represent a loss of something important. The Word of God says that God will give us beauty for ashes. Dreaming of the color charcoal could represent that you are sad, depressed, or sluggish.

v:Isaiah 61:3; Numbers 19:17; Romans 8:1; Isaiah 59:19)

------------------------
t:charger

d:A charger is a device for charging batteries.

p:Dreaming of having a charger could indicate God giving you empowerment or strength. It could symbolize the Lord is giving you a device to speed up your current condition. It could also represent wisdom, faith, and refilling.

n:In a dream, a charger that doesn't work could indicate that there is something in your life causing you to not move forward.

v:Job 36:3; Job 4:3; Deuteronomy 1:21; Job 26:2)

------------------------
t:check

d:A check is a written order directing a bank to pay money as instructed. Pay attention to who the check came from, where it is going, and the amount of money.

p:Dreaming of a check may represent faith, the currency of the Kingdom of God, provision, and trust. It may represent an upcoming blessing from God or the Lord commanding you to sow a specific seed into the Kingdom of God.

n:Dreaming of a bad check or a bounced check may represent deception, hypocrisy, or a lack of faith and prayer.

v:Philippians 4:19; Proverbs 20:17; 1 Chronicles 29:19)

------------------------
t:cheese

d:Cheese is a food consisting of coagulated milk separated from the whey. In a dream, cheese could represent works.

p:Dreaming of cheese may represent one's works or doing the Word or will of God. Cheese may also symbolize one's process.

n:Alternatively, if you see moldy cheese it may symbolize that you are not doing the will of God.

v:1 Peter 2:2; John 4:34; Job 10:10)

------------------------
t:chimney

d:A chimney is a vertical channel or pipe that conducts smoke and combustion gases up from a fire or furnace and typicall through the roof of a building.

p:Dreaming of a chimney could represent God burning up the old things in your life and removing wickedness. It could also represent casting your cares upon God and relesasing your stress.

n:Dreaming of a chimney could represent the entry point of the enemy in your life.

v:Hosea 13:3; Ephesians 4:27)

------------------------
t:christmas

d:Christmas is a Christian feast celebrated on December 25th celebrating the birth of Jesus Christ.

p:Dreaming of Christmas time may represent a season of rejoicing, spiritual gifts, and benevolence. It may also represent an upcoming surprise and good will. Dreaming of the Christmas season could represent love and a time of intimacy with the Lord.

n:Dreaming of a stressful Christmas time may represent greed and commercialism. It may represent that one's focus is in the wrong place.

v:Luke 11:13; 1 Corinthians 14:1; John 4:24; Mark 7:7)

------------------------
t:cinnamon

d:Also Cassia. Cinnamon is the aromatic dried bark of tropical trees yielding a spice, oil, and flavoring.

p:Cinnamon or cassia in a dream can represent fragrance or fragrance through crushing. It may represent the need to be broken before you can be used to your full potential in Christ and produce the fragrance He is looking for.

n:Cinnamon or cassia could also represent suffering.

v:Psalm 45:8; Proverbs 7:17)

------------------------
t:circle

d:A circle is a closed plane curve that represents eternity or endlessness.

p:Dreaming of a circle may represent endlessness, eternity, or timelessness. A circle could also symbolize undying and unconditional love.

n:Seeing a circle or circles in your dream could also represent being stuck in a recurring cycle of events that requires divine intervention.

v:Psalm 19:6; Isaiah 40:22)

------------------------
t:cistern

d:A cistern is a device for water storage, especially underground such as a pit, well, or fountain.

p:Dreaming of a cistern may symbolize wisdom and storing up a supply of something. It may also represent provision.

n:In a dream, a cistern could represent reliance on supply from man and not God. A broken cistern could also represent God's ways being higher than man's.

v:Jeremiah 2:13; Proverbs 5:15; Proverbs 14:27; John 4:14; Jeremiah 2:13; Genesis 37:24)

------------------------
t:clay

d:In the Bible, clay represent the people of God with God being the potter. Clay represents God molding us to His will.

p:Seeing clay in a dream may symbolize God's desire to mold you. Clay may also represent the work of God's hands.

n:In a dream, clay may also symbolize the frailty of human flesh and the weakness of mankind.

v:Isaiah 64:8)

------------------------
t:clique

d:A clique is a small group of people who have shared interests but are not very open to letting people join them.

p:In a dream, a clique could represent the anointing on your life and strong agreement with like-minded people.

n:Dreaming of a clique could represent that one depends on others more than they depend on God. It could represent insecurity or the love of gossip.

v:Psalm 133:1; Psalm 118:8)

------------------------
t:clock

d:A clock is a device that is used to tell and keep track of time. Note whether the clock is on time, delayed, fast, or broken. Also note what kind of clock it is. A grandfather clock may represent the past.

p:Dreaming of a clock may represent being on time for an event appointed by God. A clock that is on time may symbolize that you are at the right place at the right time.

n:Dreaming of a clock that is moving very fast may symbolize that you are getting ahead of yourself and need to focus on God's timing. A broken or slow clock may symbolize a delay or hindrance in your life.

v:Ephesians 5:16; Acts 1:7; Daniel 11:29)

------------------------
t:closet

d:A closet is a small room for privacy or storing clothing and shoes. In a dream, a closet could represent a prayer closet or secret place.

p:Dreaming of a closet could represent privacy and your personal prayer time. It could represent a closeness with God and His desire to be intimate with you. If your closet is open it could symbolize you inviting God to be close to you.

n:A closet in a dream could represent secret sins (skeletons in the closet) or something hidden. It may symbolize being secretive or deceptive. If you dream of your closet door being open it may represent your secrets being exposed.

v:Matthew 6:6; Luke 8:17; Luke 12:2)

------------------------
t:clothing

d:Clothing is one's personal attire or the clothes they wear on their body. Clothing can also refer to the apparel that is sold in stores or on the internet.

p:Dreaming of clothing may represent being under a good spiritual covering or your righteousness, spirit, or attitude. It may also represent protection and putting on the armor of God. Clothing may also symbolize God covering your flaws. Wearing someone else's clothes may represent a bond or admiration for someone. Dreaming of clothing may represent being clothed in righteousness through the Lord.

n:Seeing clothing in your dream may represent your need to submit under a spiritual covering. Wearing or seeing dirty clothes in your dream could represent that you are under the wrong covering or submitted to the wrong people or things. Dirty clothes may also represent unrighteousness. Being naked in your dream could represent being exposed and out of God's will. Wearing revealing or provocative clothes could represent your desire to seduce or please man above God. Wearing clothes that are too small for you may represent that you are trying to fit in where you don't belong because you are set apart by God. Wearing someone else's clothes may represent jealous or envy. Showing off fancy clothing may represent pride.

v:Isaiah 63:1-3; Revelation 19:7-8; 1 Timothy 2:9; Isaiah 61:10; Job 29:14)

------------------------
t:clouds

d:Clouds can symbolize God's presence and glory. A cloud in a dream could also symbolize God's majesty and peace. They can represent guidance in a dream.

p:Seeing white clouds in your dream may represent a good change that's coming. It may represent a glory revival as well as a covering. Clouds may symbolize provision, oversight, and guidance. Clouds may symbolize God visiting the Earth.

n:Seeing dark clouds in a dream may symbolize a distress that is approaching. It may also represent trouble, threats, and confusion or something that is hidden or secretive.

v:Zephaniah 1:15; Zechariah 10:1; Exodus 13:21,22)

------------------------
t:coal

d:Coal is a piece of glowing carbon or charred wood. Coal is known to be used as a source of energy.

p:Dreaming of coal may represent a good fire burning in your heart for the Lord. It could also symbolize God and His power as the all-consuming fire that will never burn out.

n:Seeing coal in your dream may represent an evil fire in one's spiritual life that keeps being reignited.

v:Isaiah 47:14; 2 Samuel 22:13; Job 41:21; Psalm 18:13)

------------------------
t:coat

d:Also Jacket. A coat or jacket is an outer garment that covers the body and keeps it warm. It could also be used for fashion. Coats and jackets could represent a covering or a mantle.

p:Dreaming of a coat may represent a covering, anointing, or protection that you are under. It could also represent a mantle God has given you or will give you.

n:A coat may also symbolize being covered in sin, grief, shame, or confusion. It could represent limited sovereignty, dominion, or dominance.

v:2 Kings 2:14-15; Psalm 109:17-19; Psalm 109:29; 1 Samuel 15:27-28; 2 Kings 2:15)

------------------------
t:coffee

d:Coffee is a beverage made from coffee beans that is high in caffeine and known to give people energy.

p:Dreaming of coffee represent God trying to give you a wake-up call. It may be the Lord trying to get your attention to get back on track or stop being lazy.

n:Coffee could also represent a bitter envying or desire for revenge. Coffee may symbolize bitter memories of the past.

v:Exodus 15:23; Numbers 5:24; 1 Peter 5:8


------------------------
t:cold

d:Being cold is described as having a temperature that is uncomfortably low. When dreaming of cold it could represent being without love.

p:If you dream of cold water or a cold breeze it could represent an awakening or refreshing in one's life.

n:Dreaming of cold could also represent being without love, having no covering, and not being received. It could also represent a resistance and being for from God.

v:Matthew 24:12; Matthew 10:42; Ecclesiastes 4:11)

------------------------
t:computer

d:A computer is an electronic machine or device used to store, process, and retrieve data. Computers can represent communication and education. Dreaming of computers can often represent prophecy. Pay attention to what is on the computer screen.

p:Dreaming of a computer could symbolize the state of a person's heart and what their heart treasures. A computer could also represent good communication or the renewal of one's mind.

n:To dream of a computer could represent being influenced by worldly trends or being drawn away in one's own lust. A computer could also represent pride and self-exaggeration in one's self image through social media.

v:Daniel 12:4; Proverbs 4:23; Jeremiah 17:9; Matthew 6:21; Hebrews 13:16; James 1:14; Galatians 6:3)

------------------------
t:concussion

d:A concussion is a stunning, damaging, or shattering effect from a hard blow. It could also lead to a brain injury.

p:In a dream, a concussion could represent God jarring your mind to get your attention. If you dream of your enemies being concussed, it could represent the Lord fighting your enemies for you.

n:Dreaming of yourself suffering a concussion could represent the negative effects of a worldly lifestyle on your mind. A concussion could symbolize that you are in sinful rebellion and you will eventually see the repercussions of it.

v:Psalm 110:5-6; Isaiah 1:4-6)

------------------------
t:conveyor belt

d:A conveyor belt is a moving band of fabric, rubber, or metal, used for moving objects from one place to another.

p:Dreaming of a conveyor belt could represent that you are submitting to God's ways. A conveyer belt could also symbolize assembly and getting things in order.

n:Seeing a conveyor belt in a dream could represent that you have become stuck in your life or familiar with things and are not giving them the honor you should.

v:Psalm 138:8; Ephesians 5:21; Isaiah 43:19)

------------------------
t:cookie jar

d:A cookie jar is a container normally made out of glass that stores cookies in order to maintain freshness.

p:In a dream, a cookie jar could represent pleasure from God. It could also symbolize a person who contains joy and sweetness in their heart. Dreaming of a closed cookie jar could represent God preserving you.

n:Dreaming of a cookie jar could represent immaturity. It could also symbolize temptation.

v:Psalm 16:11; Proverbs 4:23; 1 Corinthians 13:11; Hebrews 5:13; James 1:13-15)

------------------------
t:cooler

d:A cooler is an insulated container used for keeping food and drinks cold. Coolers can be used to protect objects from going bad. In a dream, a cooler could represent one's heart.

p:Dreaming of a cooler could indicate that the contents of your heart are being protected. It could also indicate that you have the ability to remain stable and level-headed during tough situations.

n:In a dream, a cooler could represent one who has a cold personality or heart. It could be a warning from God that you need to improve your love walk.

v:Genesis 41:35; 1 Kings 9:19; 2 Chronicles 8:4-6; 1 Kings 4:7; Exodus 1:11)

------------------------
t:cord

d:A cord is a long slender flexible material usually consisting of several strands woven or twisted together. In a dream, a cord can represent unity.

p:Dreaming of a cord may represent strength and binding power.

n:Seeing a broken cord in a dream may symbolize a weak relationship or people not working together, thus hindering a situation or event.

v:Proverbs 5:22; Ecclesiastes 4:12)

------------------------
t:cork

d:A cork is a device used to close a bottle and keep its contents sealed.

p:In a dream, a cork in a bottle could mean that a person is sealed by the Holy Spirit. It could also represent hidden revelation that is about to be revealed.

n:A cork on a bottle could represent the heavens being closed over a person's life. A cork that comes off the bottle and its contents are spilled out could represent that a person has an anger problem or no self control.

v:Ephesians 4:30; Mark 4:11; 2 Chronicles 7:13; Proverbs 25:28; Proverbs 29:11)

------------------------
t:corn

d:Corn is a grain of cereal grass used as a cash crop and for food all over the word.

p:Dreaming of corn can represent a harvest, increase, and blessing in one's life.

n:Seeing crop of corn in a dream that is dead can represent a spiritual famine.

v:Isaiah 28:28; Jeremiah 29:17; John 4:35)

------------------------
t:cornerstone

d:A cornerstone is a stone forming a part of a corner or angle in a wall. Biblically, a cornerstone represents Jesus.

p:Dreaming of a cornerstone can represent Christ as your foundation. It can also represent alignment.

n:Dreaming of a broken cornerstone may symbolize you have weak foundation and need to be submitted to the Lord.

v:Ephesians 2:20; Psalm 118:22; 1 Corinthians 3:11)

------------------------
t:cornucopia

d:A cornucopia is a symbol of plenty which is originally a goat's horn filled with flowers, corn, and fruit. Today cornucopias are used for fall décor.

p:Seeing a cornucopia in a dream can represent abundance or goodness without measure or limitation.

n:Dreaming of an empty cornucopia may represent a curse or something hindering you from reaping your harvest. It may also symbolize judgment.

v:Deuteronomy 28:2,4-5; Galatians 5:22-23; Ephesians 3:20; Psalm 25:13; Amos 6:4)

------------------------
t:coupon

d:A coupon is a small voucher or piece of paper that has the means to entitle the coupon holder to discounts on prices.

p:To dream about receiving a coupon could represent a reward from the Lord.

n:Dreaming of coming before the Lord with a coupon or having a coupon could represent being lukewarm in paying the price as a Christian or being a fence rider.

v:Proverbs 13:11; 1 Timothy 5:17; Revelation 3:18)

------------------------
t:cream

d:Cream is a color that is off white. The name comes from the cream which is the natural yellowish part of milk containing a higher percentage of fat and regarded as the best part of milk.

p:In a dream, seeing the color cream could represent healing. Cream could also represent the rich relationship you have with the Lord. Dreaming of the color cream could represent the best part of something.

n:Dreaming of the color cream when something is supposed to be white could represent something that has been tainted. Being told to paint a wall white, but painting it cream instead could represent a false holiness or disobedience. Spiritually, cream could represent self-righteousness.

v:Hebrews 5:13; Leviticus 10:10; Psalm 51:7; Isaiah 64:6)

------------------------
t:credit card

d:A credit card is a card authorizing purchases on credit.

p: Dreaming of a credit card could represent being “given credit where credit is due.” It could also represent an increase in income that is available to a person. It could also represent enhanced value.

n:In a dream, a credit card could indicate that one is living above their means and could also represent debt. It could represent being a borrower.

v:Proverbs 22:7; Hebrews 13:5; Romans 13:7)

------------------------
t:crooked

d:Crooked, in the Word of God is used to describe someone who is out of God's will. It means something that is not straight or on the right path.

p:Dreaming of being crooked could be positive showing that you are set apart from the world by God. In a dream, if you dream of crooked things becoming straight it could mean that one is changing from rebellion to obedience. It could also represent God making things new in one's life.

n:Being crooked in a dream may represent being twisted or not straight. It could represent rebellion, corruption, and wickedness. Crookedness could represent being out of God's will and having ungodly characteristics. It could mean willful disobedience.

v:Job 26:13; Acts 2:40; Proverbs 2:12-15; Psalm 125:5; Isaiah 40:4; Isaiah 59:8)

------------------------
t:crossroads

d:A crossroads indicates the place where two roads meet and one must make a choice in which one to take. In a dream, a right turn may represent a natural change while a left turn may represent a spiritual change.

p:Dreaming of crossroads may represent a choice or a change in your job, career, or home. It may symbolize God giving you the chance to choose and make the right decision.

n:Seeing a crossroads in a dream may symbolize confusion about a decision in your life. You may not know what choice to make and need to ask God to reveal it to you.

v:Luke 18:18,22-23)

------------------------
t:crown

d:A crown is a royal or imperial headdress used to represent authority or rule. It could also represent a reward of victory or mark of honor.

p:Dreaming of a crown could symbolize authority or rule. It may also symbolize a reward. Seeing a crown being placed on someone's head in a dream may represent that one is receiving honor, glory, power, or promotion.

n:Seeing a crown in your dream that looks broken may represent a demotion or someone losing power. Getting a crown stolen from you may symbolize someone trying to equalize themselves or take your place or the enemy trying to steal your reward.

v:2 Kings 11:12; Revelation 3:11; 1 Peter 5:4; Revelation 6:2; James 1:12; 2 Timothy 4:8; Isaiah 62:3)

------------------------
t:crystal ball

d:A crystal ball is a sphere usually made of quartz crystal traditionally used by fortune-tellers. A crystal ball can be symbolic of witchcraft.

p:Dreaming of a crystal ball may represent the future or taking back glory manifestations from witchcraft for God's Kingdom.

n:Seeing a crystal ball in your dream might symbolize relying on fortune-telling or witchcraft instead of God's power.

v:Jeremiah 14:14; Acts 16:16)

------------------------
t:cup

d:A cup is an open drinking vessel. A cup could represent the blood of Christ and communion.

p:Seeing a cup in your dream may represent health and life. It may also represent the blood of Jesus and being sustained by Him.

n:Dreaming of a cup may represent taking something deathly and evil.

v:Psalm 23:5; John 18:11; Matthew 5:6; John 4:14; John 7:37)

------------------------
t:cymbal

d:A cymbal is a concave metal plate producing a clashing noise and is used as an instrument. Cymbals are mentioned several times in the Bible.

p:Dreaming of a cymbal could represent praise and worship to the Lord. It could also symbolize rejoicing and jubilee.

n:A cymbal in a dream may represent making noise with no true purpose other than to be heard.

v:Psalm 150:5; 1 Corinthians 13:1)

------------------------
t:dam

d:A dam is a barrier that prevents the flow of water. It could be either manmade or  made by animals such as beavers.

p:Dreaming of a dam may symbolize one's potential. It could represent a reserve or source of great power. It could also represent a way over an obstacle (as in crossing a stream by walking across a beaver dam).

n:A dam in a dream may also represent a block, restriction, or hindrance in one's life.

v:Joshua 3:16)

------------------------
t:damage

d:Damage refers to the loss or harm of something resulting from injury to person, property, or reputation.

p:Dreaming of damage could represent that you are ready to overcome. It could also represent the process and becoming broken before God so that He can fill you.

n:In a dream, damage could represent a warning of danger. It could also represent judgment. Damage could be a result of pride if they try to do their own thing without God's advice – for example, building one's house upon the sand will lead to damage.

v:Exodus 1:12; Proverbs 22:3; Matthew 7:24-27)

------------------------
t:darkness

d:Darkness refers to something that is devoid of light. It also represents wickedness. Alternatively, it could represent the dwelling place of God.

p:Dreaming of darkness may represent the dwelling place of Jehovah. It could also represent the unknown or something mysterious. When there is darkness it can always be overcome by the light of God.

n:Seeing darkness in a dream may represent spiritual blindness, ignorance, sorrow, or distress. To dream you are in a dark place could symbolize being attacked by Satan. It could represent death or being in the world.

v:1 Kings 8:12; 2 Chronicles 6:1; John 8:12; Luke 1:79; John 8:12; Acts 26:18; Ephesians 5:8; 1 Thessalonians 5:5)

------------------------
t:database

d:A database is a stored organized collection of data, accessed electronically from a computer.

p:Dreaming of a database could represent the Lord giving you strategy for organization concerning a business or ministry. Seeing people's names in a database could indicate God showing you specific people to pray for.

n:In a dream, seeing a database could represent God warning you about the protection of it or someone who is in a place of no organization.

v:Luke 14:28; 1 Corinthians 14:33)

------------------------
t:day

d:A day is a twenty-four-hour period or unit of time marked by a rotation of the Earth on its axis. Day time refers to the period of the day where the sun is out.

p:Seeing day in a dream can represent light, knowledge, and truth. It could also represent the joy that comes in the morning. It may also represent goodness being revealed.

n:Seeing daylight in a dream may also represent evil that is being revealed and wickedness coming to light.

v:Genesis 1:4-5; 1 Corinthians 3:13; Ephesians 5:13; Genesis 2:4)

------------------------
t:deafness

d:Deafness is a hearing disability where one lacks or is deficient in the sense of hearing.

p:If you dream about being deaf to certain sounds or certain people it may represent God protecting you from hearing something that you shouldn't. It could also represent a warning from God to be careful what you hear.

n:Being deaf or someone else being deaf in a dream may symbolize physical or spiritual inattentiveness in one's life. It may also mean that you are spiritually deaf to the voice of God.

v:Isaiah 29:18; Mark 5:4; Mark 4:24)

------------------------
t:death

d:Death is the permanent ending of all vital functions or the end of a life. Death could also represent ruin or finality.

p:Dreaming of death can be interpreted as a warning of a physical death if the dream is interpreted literally. It could be God showing you in advance that He is ready to take a loved one home (old age, etc.) Dreaming of death could represent repentance and dying to self. Dreaming of death could symbolize the end of a season or situation and God bringing you in to a fresh start.

n:Dreaming of death may represent a spiritual death, termination, or failure. It may also symbolize loss or sorrow. Death in a dream could indicate separation or the end of a relationship.

v:John 12:24; 1 Corinthians 15:31; Hebrews 2:14; Isaiah 26:14; Romans 6:23)

------------------------
t:debit card

d:A debit card is a card issued by the bank allowing the holder to transfer money electronically when making a purchase as opposed to using cash. Debit cards allow the convenience of purchasing items on line and helps track spending. Unlike a credit card, a debit card withdraws one's own money directly from one's bank account as opposed to borrowing funds that you must pay back later.

p:Dreaming of a debit card may represent that financial security is on the way. Dreaming of using a debit card that does not decline but has a large balance could indicate God's provision in your finances and personal life. God could be showing you that prosperity is coming. Dreaming of a debit card in use shows signs of abundance in your life.

n: Dreaming of a debit card that declines may represent debt or lack of funds. It could also represent being in bondage if there is no money in the account. It could represent that you owe someone something. In a dream, a debit card with limited to no funds could represent that you have exhausted the grace of God and He requires repentance.

v:Matthew 6:33; Matthew 6:25; Proverbs 22:7; Romans 13:8)

------------------------
t:debt

d:Debt is mentioned throughout the Bible several times and can mean a sin or trespass that has been committed. It can also mean something that is due and needs to be repaid.

p:If you dream of a debt that is owed to you, it could represent a payment that is owed to you for what you've worked for.

n:Dreaming of debt could mean that you are in sin or you are bound to something until the repayment is fulfilled. This could also include making a vow to God but not paying it.

v:Romans 4:4; Matthew 25:14-30; Deuteronomy 23:21; Matthew 18:23-24)

------------------------
t:decapitation

d:Also Beheading. Decapitation is to behead someone to execute, kill , defeat, or eliminate them. It could also represent the loss of a leader's role.

p:If you see someone decapitated in a dream it could represent the defeat or an enemy or thing that is hindering you. Decapitation could also symbolize having power over the enemy and being bold for the Kingdom of God.

n:Dreaming of decapitation or beheading could represent death or the end of something. It could also symbolize punishment or judgment. Decapitation may represent unjust persecution especially because of one's faith. If you are being decapitated it could represent severing your relationship with the Godhead and being in spiritual danger.

v:2 Samuel 19:22; 1 Corinthians 11:3; 1 Samuel 17:51; Revelation 20:4)

------------------------
t:dehydration

d:Dehydration is the process of water being removed from a thing or a person. Dreaming that you are dehydrated could represent that you are spiritually dehydrated and in need of God.

p:Dreaming of dehydration could mean that God is about to provide for you where you are thirsting.

n:Dreaming of dehydration could mean that God is revealing to you that you are dangerously spiritually deprived due to a lack of the Holy Spirit.

v:John 4:13-14; Isaiah 12:2-3)

------------------------
t:deliverance

d:Deliverance is to be freed from someone or something that previously confined you. This applies physically, spiritually, and emotionally.

p:Dreaming of deliverance can represent that you are taking back what was once yours. It can represent your favor and enlargement. Dreaming of deliverance can represent preservation and escaping from an early death.

n:Dreaming of deliverance may represent being physically “free” while one's soul and spirit are still in bondage. It could also represent being delivered over to Satan or to a repetitive behavior. It could also symbolize choosing not to accept one's deliverance.

v:Luke 4:18; Genesis 45:7; 1 Chronicles 11:14; Esther 4:14; Psalm 32:7; Joel 2:32; Ezra 9:13; Romans 1:28)

------------------------
t:delivery

d:A delivery is something that is dropped off or transported to another location. In the spiritual realm, it also means that God will deliver the things you've requested of him and prayed for.

p:To dream of being delivered could represent passing a test and moving to a new level. Dreaming of someone else being delivered may symbolize that person being set free. If you or someone else receives a delivery in a dream, it could represent an upcoming blessing from the Lord.

n:If you dream about yourself or another person it could represent that one is being delivered over to Satan for their destruction of their flesh so they might be saved by Jesus if they change. To dream of being transported in a delivery may mean that God is finished with you and is releasing you to your own desires following continual disobedience and rebellion.

v:Genesis 42:37; Deuteronomy 24:13; Job 8:7; Judges 7:7; Judges 4:7; Judges 10:14; 1 Samuel 12:10; 1 Corinthians 5:5)

------------------------
t:depth

d:Depth is a unit of measurement that describes how deep something is. It could represent depth of the water and is often used to describe how deep water is.

p:Dreaming of being peaceful in the depths of the sea may represent control over your emotions. Depth could also represent refreshment, renewal, or fulfillment. It may represent baptism or being submerged in the Spirit of God and gaining knowledge, wisdom, and revelation.

n:Seeing yourself in the depth could represent failure, loss, or destruction. To see the depth may represent sin, evil, or Satan. To see a ship destroyed in the depth may symbolize hindrances, evil people, or evil spirits.

v:Psalm 106:9; Proverbs 3:20; Ephesians 3:18; Psalm 106:9; Job 28:14)

------------------------
t:desert

d:A desert is an arid land with sparse vegetation. Deserts are mentioned several times in the Bible and can be symbolic of the wilderness or temptation.

p:Dreaming of a desert may represent your wilderness process that God is bringing you through. It may be God encouraging you that your Promised Land is close and to keep pressing through and keep the faith.

n:Dreaming of a desert may indicate being barren or unproductive. It may also symbolize being in a spiritual wasteland or without hope. A desert could represent temptation.

v:Psalm 107:45; Matthew 3:3)

------------------------
t:desk

d:A desk is a structure used to support something. They are often used in schools or workplaces to do work on. Desks often represent learning or working.

p:Dreaming of a desk may suggest a form of education in God. It may be a form of training to bring you to the next level. It could represent

n:Seeing a desk in your dream could also represent a form of ignorance. It could show failure in one's life due to a lack of wisdom. A desk may represent spiritual dumbness or blindness in an area.

v:Galatians 3:24; Proverbs 9:9; Proverbs 16:23; Isaiah 1:17)

------------------------
t:detergent

d:Detergent is a cleansing solution used for dishes, clothing, carpets, etc.

p:Dreaming of detergent could represent God cleansing one of impurities in the mind, body, and soul. It could also symbolize God purging iniquities and expelling them out of one's life.

n:If you dream of using detergent and nothing is being cleaned, it could show the need of true repentance in one's life.

v:Jeremiah 2:22; Ephesians 5:26; 2 Peter 1:9; Mark 7:19; Ezekiel 43:34; 2 Chronicles 34:5)

------------------------
t:diagnosis

d:A diagnosis is the identification of the nature of an illness or other problem by examination of the symptoms. A diagnosis is the addressing of a sickness by name.

p:In a dream, if you are calling out diagnoses it could indicate that you have the healing ministry on your life. Dreaming of being diagnosed with an illness and surviving or being healed could represent God's healing power and overcoming the odds against you. Addressing the name of a sickness in your dream could represent having dominion and authority over the enemy.

n:Dreaming of being diagnosed with a sickness or disease could represent a burden on your life that is weighing you down.

v:Isaiah 53:4-5; Isaiah 41:10; Jeremiah 30:17; Deuteronomy 32:39; 2 Chronicles 7:14-15; Isaiah 38:16-17)

------------------------
t:diamond

d:A diamond is a jewel made of carbon and is the hardest known material. It is very high in value and brilliance.

p:Seeing a diamond in your dream may represent a gift of the Spirit or something valuable or precious in your life. It may also represent something unchangeable, eternal, and steadfast. Diamonds can symbolize a riches or wealth.

n:Dreaming of diamonds may also symbolize being hard-hearted or hard-headed. It may also represent being materialistic.

v:Ezekiel 3:8-9; Zechariah 7:12; Proverbs 17:8)

------------------------
t:diary

d:A diary is a personal journl that is a daily documentation of one's life. It is usually kept private.

p:Dreaming of writing in a diary could represent one's prayer life with God. It oculd represent confiding in someone or fellowship.

n:In a dream, writing in a diary could symbolize a spirit of  secrecy in one's life. It could also represent a person who is sneaky or purposely isolates themselves from others.

v:Genesis 8:20; Genesis 12:7; Joshua 8:30; 2 Samuel 24:25; 2 Chronicles 13:22)

------------------------
t:dice

d:Dice are cube-like pieces used in games involving high risk or chance.

p:To dream of winning a dice game could mean taking a chance on God and stepping out by faith.

n:Dreaming of dice could represent that you are taking serious risks without wisdom in your life.

v:1 John 5:4; 2 Timothy 1:7; 1 John 4:17-20; Mark 8:36; Job 13:14)

------------------------
t:dirt road

d:A dirt road is a road that is not paved. It could represent one's prevailing direction or approach in life. It could also be a place of teaching or learning.

p:Dreaming of a dirt road could represent the process that you are going through. If someone is speaking to you on the dirt road it could represent being educated. Living on a dirt road could represent simplicity and humility.

n:If you dream of a dirt road it could represent trials or a hard journey. If you are crying on a dirt road it could represent distress in your journey.

v:Luke 9:57; Luke 13:26; Luke 24:32; Isaiah 15:5)

------------------------
t:dirt

d:Dirt is loose Earth or the ground and can represent a state or quality of uncleanliness.

p:Dreaming of throwing dirt upon your own head may represent self-abasement. It may also represent a condition necessary for growth and symbolic having to go through trials to grow.

n:To dream of digging up dirt may represent digging into someone's past to try to find negative information on them. Dirt could symbolize someone being of the Earth. Throwing dirt on someone or something could represent shame or humiliation. Dirt could represent something unclean or unimportant.

v:Joshua 7:6; Psalm 7:5; 2 Samuel 16:13; Psalm 104:29; Genesis 2:7)

------------------------
t:disease

d:A disease is a condition in a living animal or plant that impairs its normal functioning. A disease could represent spiritual sickness.

p:Dreaming of a disease could represent God showing you specific areas in your life that you need to work on depending on what disease it is. If you dream of heart disease, God may be showing you that you need to work on your heart or love walk and that He is the only one that can heal your disease.

n:Seeing or having a disease in your dream could indicate that you are living in sinfulness or calamity. It may represent a spiritual sickness or that the enemy has you in bondage.

v:Proverbs 17:22; Ecclesiastes 6:2; Psalm 103:3)

------------------------
t:ditch

d:A ditch is a long narrow excavation dug in the Earth, usually for drainage of water.

p:Ditches can be used as a place of safety during a tornado, therefore, seeing a ditch in your dream may represent God being your refuge and the need to rely on Him. He may also be encouraging you that He is with you in the valleys or low places and to trust Him.

n:Dreaming of a ditch could represent a bad habit or a snare of the enemy. It could also symbolize an addiction, lust, or sin. Ditches could represent being stuck in religious traditions.

v:Matthew 15:14; Psalm 7:15; Proverbs 23:27)

------------------------
t:dominoes

d:A domino is a flat rectangular block with dots on them used to play games. “The domino effect” can represent an event that leads to subsequent events as a result of being pushed down.

p:Dreaming of dominoes may represent a group of people you are a part of and although they are all different, they work together for the common good. It may symbolize the need to walk in love with others and a continuous chain reaction of good deeds such as love or kindness.

n:Seeing dominoes in your dream may represent that there is a negative domino-effect chain reaction in your life. It could mean that certain decisions one has made are leading that person in to more trouble.

v:Leviticus 26:37)

------------------------
t:door

d:The word “door” appears several times in the Bible and in dreams can have many different meanings depending on contexts. Doors can symbolize communication or the entrance to one's heart. A closed door could represent something hidden.

p:Dreaming of a door is representative of Jesus Christ being our entrance to the Father. It may also symbolize the entrance into a new realm or dimension in God or a new opportunity in life. Whatever you see going in or coming out of the door could also represent your life and what is going in or out of it. A closing door could represent God closing doors in your life to protect you.

n:Dreaming of a closed door or a door being slammed in your face may represent rejection or secrecy. It may indicate that opportunities are no longer available. If a door is locked it may mean that your relationship with God is stuck.

v:John 10:7-9; Colossians 4:3; Psalm 141:3; Revelation 3:20; 2 Corinthians 2:12; Genesis 43:19)

------------------------
t:down payment

d:A down payment is specifically referred to as the first payment in a purchase made with credit. A down payment could be referred to as the first step in a process.

p:Making a down payment in a dream could represent a new beginning or fresh start in one's life or destiny. It could represent a change in the right direction or an indication that one is serious about something.

n:Dreaming of a small down payment could symbolize that one is not giving God their best effort, time, finances, etc.

v:Revelation 21:5; Revelation 3:18; 1 Corinthians 6:20; Matthew 17:21; Luke 14:28; Genesis 4:4-5)

------------------------
t:down

d:Down is a direction that refers to something or someone descending toward a lower position physically or spiritually. It could represent entering a worse condition or emotionally disheartened.

p:Dreaming of going down something may represent humility and meekness. It could also represent the Godhead descending from Heaven to Earth.

n:If you dream of going down, it may symbolize a natural or spiritual demotion. It could represent falling or regressing in an area.

v:John 1:32; Proverbs 22:4; Job 14:18)

------------------------
t:drain

d:A drain is a pipe where liquid is drained often in sinks, reservoirs, or directly in the ground. Drains can represent exhausting oneself or someone else spiritually, physically, or emotionally.

p:Dreaming of a drain may symbolize that it is time to release something for the good or benefit of yourself or others. It may be time to release your God given gifts for His glory. A drain may also represent the need to get rid of negativity or evil influence in your life.

n:Seeing a drain in your dream may represent the depletion of your energy and the need to take time to rest and recharge. If the drain is rusted or damaged it may mean that whatever is depleting you has already begun to negatively impact your life.

v:Deuteronomy 15:1; Deuteronomy 15:2; Isaiah 24:1; Isaiah 32:6; Nahum 2:10)

------------------------
t:drawer

d:A drawer is a sliding box or compartment that can be opened by pulling out and pushing in. Drawers are often used for storage.

p:Dreaming of a draw may represent the inner workings of one's heart or character. Drawers that are organized could mean that one is organized. A full draw may mean that the dreamer has options or resources. Unlocking or opening a draw may represent God opening up an opportunity.

n:Dreaming of a locked drawer could represent your hidden or secretive nature. An empty drawer may mean that the dreamer has an empty soul or heart

v:Ephesians 3:16; 1 Corinthians 4:5; 2 Corinthians 4:2)

------------------------
t:dreadlocks

d:Dreadlocks are narrow ropelike strands of hair that are formed by matting, braiding, or twisting. Note the color of the hair in the dream.

p:Dreaming of dreadlocks may represent a separation or removal from sinful desires or worldly views. It may show that God desires a deeper or more intimate personal relationship with you and that you are mature and strong in the Lord.

n:Seeing or having dreadlocks in a dream may represent that the dreamer is defiant or rebellious. If you see individual dreadlocks being cut off, it may represent a diminished faith or broken covenant with the Lord.

v:Numbers 6:5; Judges 16:19)

------------------------
t:dream

d:Dreams are series of images you see in your sleep and are a form of communication from God to man throughout the Bible and today. Seeing a dream inside of a dream is significant and means that God is really trying to tell you something.

p:Having a dream within a dream is God trying to get something important across to you. You need to pay close attention to and analyze whatever God is showing you in the dream within the dream.

n:Having a bad dream within a dream is a warning from God. You may have recurring warning dreams where God is trying to show you something that will happen in the future so that you can prevent it.

v:Daniel 4:5; Daniel 8:17; Genesis 15:1; Genesis 20:6; Genesis 41:32; Numbers 12:6; 1 Kings 3:5; Matthew 2:12; Acts 2:17)

------------------------
t:drone

d:A drone is a wireless, remote-controlled aircraft, missile, or robotic device operated by a person.

p:Dreaming of a drone could represent that God has given you dominion over something. A drone could also indicate that the Lord wants you to update certain things in your life to be more efficient.

n:Seeing a drone in your dream could represent being controlled or manipulated by a person or the enemy.

v:Psalm 103:22; Psalm 8:6; Proverbs 25:28)

------------------------
t:drought

d:A drought is a lack of water or rainfall that can lead to extreme damage to crop growth. Seeing a drought in a dream may be symbolic or literal.

p:Dreaming of a drought could represent God showing you a warning to prepare for an upcoming drought or famine whether it is natural or spiritual. God is showing you in advance so you can prepare.

n:Seeing a drought in a dream may represent a drought in your spiritual walk or love for God. It could represent upcoming judgment or financial lack.

v:Amos 8:11; 1 Kings 17:1; Ephesians 3:17-19; Deuteronomy 8:15; Genesis 41:29)

------------------------
t:drugs

d:Drugs are a substance used for medication but are often illegally abused. They can be helpful or harmful.

p:Dreaming of drugs may represent medicine or healing.

n:Seeing drugs in your dream could symbolize a demonic influence in one's life or that witchcraft or sorcery is influencing someone. Drugs could indicate control, religion, and addiction. It could also represent the need for deliverance.

v:1 Samuel 15:23; Galatians 3:1; Proverbs 17:22)

------------------------
t:drum

d:A drum is a percussion instrument and was used a strategic tool of war to take over the atmosphere and invite the presence of the Lord to give the Israelites mercy in battle and cause intimidation and confusion in the camp of the enemy.

p:Dreaming of yourself holding or playing a drum could mean that God is preparing you for spiritual warfare. You may have a task to accomplish in your life and God is showing you that you have the victory. God could also be showing you that your weapon of warfare is praise.

n:Dreaming of a broken drum could represent that you have been depressed or discouraged and need to restore yourself with thanksgiving and praise. It could also represent that you have gotten out of synchronization with the rhythm of the Holy Spirit

v:2 Chronicles 20:21-22; 2 Corinthians 10:4; James 4:7; Luke 10:19; Ephesians 6:13; Isaiah 61:3; 1 Peter 1:6-7; Psalm 100:1)

------------------------
t:drywall

d:Drywall is a board made of several pieces of fiberboard or paper and bound to a plaster core, used especially for walls.

p:Dreaming of drywall could represent God's strength and protection. It could also symbolize security. It could be symbolic of a covering. If you dream of drywall being put up over a damaged wall, it could represent God covering and forgiving your mistakes.

n:Dreaming of drywall that has been damaged could indicate a lack of covering. It could also represent one who has a hardened heart or a barrier to the things of the Spirit.

v:1 Samuel 25:16; 2 Chronicles 32:5; Psalm 62:3; 2 Kings 2:10)

------------------------
t:dynamite

d:Dynamite is an explosive substance often used in demolition or excavation. Dynamite could represent something that has a powerful effect.

p:Dreaming of dynamite may represent God's power or miracles.

n:Seeing dynamite in your dreams may also symbolize the potential for danger or destruction in one's life.

v:Matthew 9:8; Luke 10:19; Luke 22:53)

------------------------
t:early

d:Early means to be near the beginning or before the usual or expected time. The Bible talks about the word especially regarding prayer or meeting with God.

p:Dreaming of waking up early or being somewhere early may represent your desire or eagerness to meet with God. Earliness may also symbolize the beginning of something, time of revelation, or diligence.

n:When you are early in your dream, it may also symbolize pride and the need to trust God's timing. Earliness may also mean not being in

v:Hosea 5:15; Psalm 63:1; Proverbs 8:17; John 8:2; Luke 24:1-6; Psalm 46:5)

------------------------
t:earnings

d:Also Wages or Paycheck. Earnings is money that is earned or worked for. The Bible talks about the fruits of one's labor.

p:Dreaming of a paycheck or your earnings can represent the fruit of your labor or the reward of your efforts. It may represent God being please with your work and rewarding you for it.

n:If you dream of being underpaid it could represent that you are being undervalued and that you are not getting what you earned. A decrease in pay could be a result of disobedience in not tithing.

v:2 Thessalonians 3:10; Exodus 23:16; 1 Corinthians 15:58; Deuteronomy 15:10; Malachi 3:10-12)

------------------------
t:earring

d:An earring is a piece of jewelry worn on the ears. The Bible mentions earring several times.

p:Seeing a gold earring in a dream may represent an offering unto the Lord or the need for you to give sacrificially unto God. Earrings may also symbolize hearing the Word of God, having an obedient ear, spiritual sensitivity.

n:Dreaming of earrings in a dream may also represent being obedient to false gods or idols or hearing a false gospel. Earrings may also suggest vanity, conceit, or being materialistic.

v:Deuteronomy 5:1; Mark 4:9; Genesis 35:2-4; Revelation 19:1; Revelation 9:13; 1 Kings 14:26-27)

------------------------
t:earth

d:Earth is the third planet from the sun on which all humanity lives as distinguished from Heaven and Hell, created by God.

p:Seeing a dream about Earth could represent humanity and God's footstool. Earth could also symbolize the physical domain in which we have dominion and God's creation. The Earth in a dream could also show your connection with the world and the beauty of God's creation.

n:Dreaming of the Earth may symbolize the non-faith realm or the non-spiritual realm. The Earth in a dream could represent being secular, without faith, and the need to die to flesh. If the Earth is opened up in the dream, it could represent God's anger or judgment like with Korah when he came against Moses and God judged him by opening up the Earth.

v:1 Corinthians 2:14; Matthew 6:10; 1 Corinthians 15:46-47; Acts 7:49; Hebrews 11:13; Matthew 6:10; Genesis 2:7; Hebrews 1:10; John 3:12; Colossians 3:2; Numbers 16:32)

------------------------
t:earthquake

d:An earthquake is a volcanic or tectonic shaking or quaking of the Earth. In the Bible, the Earth shook when Jesus died.

p:Dreaming of an earthquake could symbolize the shaking power or voice of God on the Earth. It could mean that God is visiting His people and there will be an upcoming revival. If you are safe during the earthquake it may represent God giving you the victory to overcome whatever is going to happen.

n:Seeing an earthquake as a natural disaster may represent judgment or God allowing tragedy to open the hearts of the people toward Him. Dreaming of an earthquake may be God showing you that you have fear and need to overcome it.

v:1 Kings 19:11-12; Acts 4:31; Psalm 29:8; Revelation 6:12; Matthew 27:54; Revelation 16:18; Luke 21:11; Isaiah 29:6; Revelation 11:19)

------------------------
t:east

d:East is a cardinal direction relating to the sunrise and opposite of west. Consider elements of your own environment that relate to east.

p:Dreaming of the direction east may represent the sunrise or the son rising, a place of God's glory, expectancy or waiting/looking on God. Seeing east in a dream may also represent a God-given message.

n:Seeing east in a dream may also represent idolatry (eastern religions) or an unreliable source.

v:Ezekiel 43:1-2; Malachi 4:1-2; Numbers 2:3)

------------------------
t:echo

d:An echo is the repetition of a sound which is caused by the reflection of soundwaves.

p:Dreaming of an echo may represent something not returning void or a relayed message. It may also represent getting a return on the words you have decreed, good or bad.

n:Seeing/hearing an echo in your dream may suggest that people are not listening to what you are saying or that you are speaking bouncing words to those with hardened hearts.

v:Genesis 32:6; Exodus 19:8; Psalm 7:16; Isaiah 55:11; Habakkuk 2:11)

------------------------
t:ecstasy

d:Ecstasy is a state of overwhelming happiness or delight. It can be a state where you are unable to control your emotions or reasoning and you become enthusiastic.

p:Dreaming of ecstasy can represent to be filled with the Holy Spirit or be caught up in the Spirit of God. It could also symbolize having a face to face encounter with Jesus Christ.

n:Although the feeling of ecstasy can be a good thing, it may also lead to false desires. If you are dreaming about the drug ecstasy, it could represent lust and idol worship. It could represent risky behaviors.

v:Psalm 4:7; Acts 13:52; Isaiah 35:10; 2 Corinthians 12:3-4; Proverbs 3:7)

------------------------
t:effervescence

d:Effervescence in a dream could represent a new place in the Spirit or being spiritually refreshed. Effervescence could also represent life or God releasing abundance in your life.

p:Dreaming of effervescence in a dream could represent that you should be refreshed or rejuvenated. It could also represent the Spirit bubbling up in your life.

n:If you dream of effervescence and bubbles are popping in your dream, it could represent the need to deal with anger or frustrations. If you see effervescence in boiling water, it could symbolize anger or rage. Bubbles running over something could represent being out of control emotionally, spiritually, or naturally.

v:John 4:14; Job 30:27; Ephesians 4:26-27)

------------------------
t:egg

d:An egg is the reproductive vessel in which an embryo develops and becomes an independent individual. Some eggs, such as certain bird eggs, are used as food.

p:Dreaming of an egg can represent a promise or a new idea. It could also represent new plans or potential.

n:Eggs can symbolize being fragile or weak. It can also mean there is something in your life that you feel insecure about. Dreaming of a rotten egg could represent a bad person, bad ideas, or uncertainty.

v:Job 39:14; Isaiah 10:14; Luke 11:12; Isaiah 59:5; Jeremiah 17:11)

------------------------
t:eiffel tower

d:The Eiffel Tower is one of the world's most significant landmarks. It is located in Paris which is known as a city of romance. The Eiffel Tower could also be representative of the pride of human achievement.

p:Dreaming of being in Paris and seeing the Eiffel Tower could represent feelings of love in your life. Pay attention to the surroundings. Dreaming of being at the top of the Eiffel Tower could represent God elevating you or bringing you to a higher place spiritually.

n:In a dream, the Eiffel Tower could represent pride of one's own achievements. It could also represent God revealing pride in your life or that you are lifting yourself or others up in pride.

v:Genesis 11:4; Daniel 4:11; Proverbs 11:2)

------------------------
t:electricity

d:Electricity is a fundamental form of energy which can be seen in both negative and positive forms. Electricity can occur naturally (lightning) or be produced (generator).

p:Electricity in a dream can represent the power and presence of God. Dreaming of electricity can symbolize a level of power that is on one's life or the power being generated. Seeing a quick jolt of electricity can represent an awakening or quickening in one's spirit. Seeing an electrical outlet can represent power or the Holy Spirit.

n:Dreaming of being electrocuted or shocked by electricity can symbolize judgments of God. Seeing a danger or caution sign for high voltage can warn of impending danger. A burned outlet can represent offense or anger. An unplugged cord can represent being disconnected from the Spirit with a lack of prayer, power, or authority.

v:Luke 8:46; Luke 9:43; Acts 10:38; Romans 13:1; Romans 15:13; Ezekiel 30:6; Matthew 22:29; Romans 13:2)

------------------------
t:elevator

d:An elevator is something that lifts or raises something up. Dreaming of an elevator going up could represent spiritual elevation, while dreaming of an elevator going down could represent being humbled.

p:Dreaming of an elevator may represent a change in position in your life. It could also symbolize being elevated in position (natural or spiritual) or entering in to the spiritual realm. An elevator going down could symbolize being humbled. A broken elevator may represent the need to put your faith or trust in God.

n:Seeing an elevator in your dream may symbolize a demotion or trial in the natural or spiritual realm. It may also represent backsliding.

v:Revelation 4:1; Proverbs 3:35)

------------------------
t:embryo

d:An embryo is a vertebrate at any stage of development before birth or being hatched. Embryos especially refer to babies in the womb during the first eight weeks of conception.

p:Dreaming of an embryo can represent the developmental growth stage of one's life or their process of becoming a son of God. It may also refer to being born again or a spiritual rebirth and God's systems, cycles, and seasons.

n:Seeing an embryo in your dream may represent being underdeveloped or a spiritual death. It can also symbolize a lack of spiritual growth or maturity and being too dependent on others.

v:Luke 1:41; Luke 1:44; Isaiah 45:7)

------------------------
t:emission

d:An emission is a described as a release or an outpouring of something such as gas, heat, or light.

p:To dream of an emission could represent that God is pouring out an anointing on your life. It could also represent an outpouring of the Holy Spirit on your life.

n:Dreaming of emissions could represent there is something in your life that is draining you. For example, a small problem in your life could lead to bigger problems.

v:1 Samuel 1:15; Exodus 29:7; Luke 3:37)

------------------------
t:engine

d:An engine is the main part of a machine that keeps it running. God looks at our hearts as engines because everything flows from our hearts.

p:Dreaming of an engine could represent God showing you the condition of your heart. To dream about an engine being washed could mean that God is showing you that He is washing your heart clean. If you see an engine being repaired in a dream, it could mean that God is repairing something in your heart that has been broken and He is restoring life to it.

n:To dream of a broken engine could mean that God is showing you that someone or something is breaking your heart. Dreaming about a non-functioning engine may represent that you have a hard heart and you are not willing to be fixed by God. Dreaming about a rusty engine could symbolize that your heart is dying or represent a spiritual death.

v:Jeremiah 29:13; Proverbs 3:5-6; Psalm 51:10; Matthew 22:37; Psalm 17:22; Exodus 14:14; Exodus 9:12; Genesis 6:6)

------------------------
t:entrapment

d:Entrapment is a word used sporadically in the Bible and refers to a person being trapped or trapping another. Whenever a person is being trapped in a dream it could represent someone being lured into something spiritually or naturally.

p:When dreaming of entrapment, God could be showing the dreamer the secret plan of the enemy so that they can have the victory.

n:Dreaming of entrapment may mean that one is trapping themselves by not being wise with their words or actions. Being trapped in a dream may symbolize how one is trapped by sin or deception.

v:Psalm 69:22; Psalm 141:9; Psalm 31:4; 2 Peter 2:18)

------------------------
t:envelope

d:An envelope is something that carries a letter or a message. In the Bible, the Lord refers to letters or messages as describing the state of one's heart. Dreaming of envelopes may represent communication.

p:Dreaming of envelopes could represent communication with the Lord or receiving instructions from the Lord. It could also be symbolic of a person's heart because the letter inside communicates the words on their heart.

n:Dreaming of an envelope that contains a negative message could represent an attack from the enemy. Seeing an evil person give you an envelope in a dream could represent that the devil is trying to send a person a message or influence their life. An envelope that contains a negative message from a loved one can show that Satan is attack one's family.

v:2 Corinthians 3:1-2; 2 Corinthians 10:9-10; Jeremiah 17:1; 2 Samuel 18:20)

------------------------
t:eraser

d:An eraser is a piece of rubber that is used to erase marks, usually from pencil. An eraser is used to reverse mistakes. Note what is being erased in the dream.

p:Dreaming of an eraser could signify the removal of a sin, negativity, doubt, pain, sadness, or grief. It could also represent the ceasing of trials or

n:You may dream of your deeds being erased which could ultimately lead to your name being erased from the book of life. It could symbolize being cut off from God and needing deliverance or repentance. Dreaming of an eraser could represent the need to deal with errors one has created.

v:Proverbs 30:8; Ecclesiastes 11:10; Jeremiah 4:1; Exodus 32:32; 2 Kings 24:3; Psalm 69:28; Revelation 2:5)

------------------------
t:escalator

d:An escalator is a type of stairway that is attached to a continuously circulating belt. Escalators can transport large numbers or people and are an alternative to physical stairs.

p:Dreaming of an escalator could represent spiritual ascension. It could also represent a smooth or effortless transition. To travel upward on an escalator may symbolize God bringing you into His presence or calling you to a higher revelation or dimension in Him. It could also indicate progression through a spiritual journey with ease.

n:Going down an escalator could symbolize regressing or returning to old habits. It could also point to problems and setbacks that are slowly getting out of your control. It could also represent experiencing a setback.

v:Genesis 28:12; Proverbs 16:9; John 1:51; Proverbs 5:5)

------------------------
t:escape pod

d:An escape pod is something used to get out of a dangerous situation. In the Bible, an escape pod was usually a basket or an ark. Moses was put into a basket to keep him safe, Paul was lowered

p:An escape pod represents your way out of a situation you don't want to be in. For example, dreaming of an escape pod could represent moving to a different job if your current job is unpleasant. Dreaming of an escape pod could be encouragement to know that you have a way out.

n:Dreaming of an escape pod could also be God showing you that you are unaware of the harmful situation you are in. This dream could be a warning but God is also showing you that there is a way out. If you are escaping from a good master or leader, it could represent betrayal.

v:2 Thessalonians 3:3; Genesis 7:1; 2 Corinthians 11:32-33; Acts 9:23-25; Psalm 9:9; 2 Timothy 2:26)

------------------------
t:evening

d:Also Dusk. Evening is the time of day where the sun sets and labor or work ends. It is the transition of day to night. In Hebrew tradition, evening is a time of sacrifice or worship for God.

p:The evening is the end of a day or a season. It is a time of relaxation and rest. Dreaming of the evening could represent a time of worship and reflection or an opportunity for self-examination or introspection.

n:Dreaming of the evening could represent an upcoming darkness. Darkness can signify judgments of God in a season. The lack of vision during this time could represent a spiritual dullness.

v:Psalm 141:2; Ezra 9:5; 1 Kings 18:36; Psalm 55:17; Mark 15:33; John 8:12)

------------------------
t:evergreen

d:An evergreen is a tree or a shrub that retains its green leaves throughout the year. Green is the color of life or renewal.

p:If you see an evergreen in your dream, it could represent that you are in the Word of God daily and God is keeping you vibrant and renewed.

n:Dreaming of an evergreen that is withering or dead may symbolize a lack of worship, joy, and reading the Word of God that is causing a loss in certain parts of your spiritual walk.

v:Psalm 1:3; Joshua 1:8; Psalm 52:8; Leviticus 23:40; Joel 1:12; Amos 4:9; Matthew 3:10)

------------------------
t:evidence

d:Evidence means confirmation or to have proof of something. To have evidence is to have proof or confirmation verifying your problems, questions, or concerns that you may have.

p:Dreaming of evidence ay mean that God has given you confirmation and proof for a case that you've been searching for. Someone with evidence in their hands may represent that person has confirmation to a situation you've been praying about.

n:Dreaming of evidence against you may indicate that someone is going to try to hold something against you or come against you in the future. It could also represent people holding your sins or wrongdoings against you.

v:Hebrews 11:1; Jeremiah 32:14; Jeremiah 32:12; Jeremiah 31:11; Ecclesiastes 10:4; Genesis 1:11)

------------------------
t:explosion

d:An explosion is a large-scale, rapid, or spectacular expansion or busting out or forth. An explosion could represent the power of God.

p:Dreaming of an explosion may represent a sudden expansion or increase in one's spiritual or personal life. There may be an explosive growth in one's church or ministry. An explosion may also symbolize a swift change.

n:Dreaming of a disastrous explosion may represent sudden destruction or a negative change in one's life.

v:Isaiah 43:3)

------------------------
t:fabric

d:Fabric is used biblically in many different ways and comes in a variety of colors. It is important to note the color and pattern of the fabric.

p:Dreaming of fabric could represent a covering on your life. If you dream of white fabric it could represent being covered by God and being in a covenant with Him. It could represent God covering your sins.

n:If you dream about fabric being removed from something or someone, it could represent being removed from a covering and being unprotected.

v:Ezekiel 16:13; Matthew 3:4; Ezekiel 16:8; Genesis 9:23; Isaiah 47:3)

------------------------
t:facial tissue

d:Facial tissue is soft, absorbable paper designed to be used on the face. It has several uses for cleaning and is disposable.

p:A tissue can represent the cleansing of one's countenance and sins. It could represent the Lord wiping the tears from one's eyes. Using a tissue to wipe tears could represent being made sorrowful unto repentance. Facial tissues can represent being comforted or comforting one another, as well as cleansing of one's soul.

n:Seeing someone using tissues on their face but not having tears could represent a lack of repentance. Seeing several facial tissues in a dream could represent being overcome by mourning, grieving, sickness, or sadness.

v:1 John 1:7; Matthew 5:4; Revelation 21:4; Numbers 8:7; 2 Corinthians 7:9; Hosea 13:14; Matthew 5:4)

------------------------
t:famine

d:A famine is an extreme scarcity of food.

p:Dreaming of a famine may represent one's season of wilderness that they are in and God's promise that awaits their trials. It may also be a warning from God about an upcoming famine or trouble in one's life.

n:Seeing a famine in your dream could indicate judgment or barrenness ahead. It may also be indicative of the end time.

v:Revelation 18:18; Amos 8:11; Matthew 24:7)

------------------------
t:fat

d:Also Overweight. Being overweight is having excessive fat on one's body that can lead to health problems, but is also symbolic.

p:In a dream, seeing someone who is overweight or fat could represent being plump with success. It could also indicate happiness in one's life or being full of God's Word.

n:In a dream, being fat or overweight can represent gluttony. It could also symbolize one who has extra weight from carrying burdens they are not meant to bear. Being overweight in a dream can represent one who indulges in sin.

v:Proverbs 23:2,21; Proverbs 28:7; Romans 13:14; Titus 1:12; 1 Corinthians 6:19; Psalm 115:4-8)

------------------------
t:faucet

d:A faucet is a device used for controlling the flow of liquid from a pipe by opening or closing an orifice or tap.

p:Dreaming of a faucet with running water could indicate a flow of the Holy Spirit. It could symbolize a refreshing in the Spirit. In a dream, turning a faucet on could indicate that you are submitting yourself and your life to God's Will.

n:In a dream, a faucet that is broken could represent a lack of the Holy Spirit in one's life, decisions, or ministry. Turning off a faucet in a dream could represent rebellion or not submitting to God's Spirit.

v:Proverbs 27:15-17; Psalm 23:3; Galatians 5:16-18)

------------------------
t:feast

d:A feast is a large dinner prepared for a celebration or ceremony.

p:In a dream, a feast could represent celebration or enjoyment. God could be calling you to not be so serious about everything. It could also represent fellowship and unity among a group of people.

n:Dreaming of a feast with a lack of food could represent scarcity or poverty. It could represent a lack of preparation. Over-indulging in a feast could represent a gluttonous or greedy spirit.

v:Ecclesiastes 3:13; John 15:11; Psalm 23:5; Matthew 2:11; Romans 14:1-23; Proverbs 13:25; Luke 15:14)

------------------------
t:feather

d:A feather is a horny structure that forms the principle covering of birds.

p:Dreaming of a feather could symbolize inspiration or freedom. It could also represent peace. A feather may indicate lightness or ease.

n:Dreaming of a feather could indicate that there are people you need to break off from who are hindering your growth (birds of a feather).

v:Psalm 91:4; Leviticus 1:16)

------------------------
t:feces

d:Feces is bodily waste that is discharged through the anus. This excrement can be discharged through the bodies of living things. Dreaming of feces could represent fertility and renewal or a curse, slothfulness, or poverty.

p:Dreaming of feces could mean that God is raising you up out of a situation that has been holding you for years or seasons. It could also represent rebuilding or restoration. Feces could represent fertilizer or something that is being prepared to grow and manifest greatness.

n:If you see feces in a dream, it could mean that you are being slothful in your walk with God or in how you serve the Lord. It could also represent a curse released over you due to disobedience. It might symbolize offense you may have in your heart.

v:1 Samuel 2:8; Nehemiah 3:13-14; Jeremiah 16:4; Jeremiah 25:33; Matthew 16:23; Luke14:23; Romans 5:17; Proverbs 18:9; Ezra 6:11)

------------------------
t:fence

d:A fence is a means of protection or barrier used to divide property. Dreaming of a fence could represent God's protection.

p:Dreaming of a fence could indicate an enclosure of protection and safety around your life. It could show that God has set you apart from the world and is keeping you safe with a hedge of protection.

n:Seeing a fence in your dream could symbolize a restraint in your life. If you cross the fence in the dream it may represent rebellion or disobedience.

v:Numbers 32:17; Job 1:10)

------------------------
t:fertility

d:Fertility is the capability of a living thing to grow or reproduce. Many dreams of fertility have to do with pregnancy, fruitfulness, or the opportunity for abundance.

p:Dreaming of fertility could be a literal dream regarding pregnancy. If you are dreaming of fertile land, it could be God showing you a church or ministry that God wants you to sow into so you can receive an increase. Dreams of fertility could symbolize that God is giving you an opportunity to multiply.

n:In a dream, being unable to reproduce may be symbolic of God showing you that there are things in your life hindering you from being fruitful such as laziness, disobedience, etc.

v:Genesis 1:28; Genesis 9:1,7)

------------------------
t:fire

d:Fire is the phenomenon of combustion manifested in light, flame, and heat. Fire can have natural or spiritual meanings for example when Jehovah spoke to Moses out of fire in the burning bush, or when Jehovah refers to Himself as the consuming fire.

p:Dreaming of fire may mean that God is appearing to you, especially if He is communicating with you out of the fire. If fire is falling on you, it means being baptized with the Holy Spirit. Fire on your tongue may symbolize the gift of speaking in tongues. Seeing fire burning up dead, dry things indicates that God is cleansing you of your sins. Fire falling on your enemies can represent victory over and judgment on your enemies. Fire could also represent God's protection.

n:Fire in a dream could represent God's wrath and punishment. Fire could represent things that are hindering your walk with God such as premarital sex. Fire could represent a trip to Hell in your sleep or jealousy.

v:Deuteronomy 4:24; Numbers 31:23; Psalm 21:9; Deuteronomy 4:20; Acts 2:3; Jeremiah 23:29; Psalm 89:46; Proverbs 26:20; Mark 9:43)

------------------------
t:fish tank

d:A fish tank is a tank filled with water and used for keeping live fish and other animals, usually as pets and/or décor.

p:Fish represent people or souls, so dreaming of a fish tank full of fish could represent a place that is ripe for harvesting souls. It could symbolize that God is giving you an opportunity to spread the Gospel.

n:Dreaming of a fish tank could indicate that people are being spiritually trapped and unable to grow. It could indicate Christians who are stuck in religion and the church and need to enter the Kingdom. Dreaming of a fish that is too big for its tank could indicate that one is not under the proper spiritual leader and is being held back from growing in their destiny. If a fish tank in a dream is empty, it could indicate an area of one's life that is lacking success or a harvest.

v:Matthew 9:37-38; Revelation 14:15-16; Matthew 13:30; Exodus 20:3-6; Psalm 34:10; James 1:4)

------------------------
t:flu

d:The flu is any of several virus diseases marked especially by respiratory or intestinal symptoms.

p:Dreaming of being sick with the flu could represent that you are spiritually strong and are not giving into the desires of the flesh.

n:In a dream, having the flu could indicate that you are in need of a physical, emotional, or spiritual healing from Jesus. It could also represent oppression from Satan or demonic interference in your personal life.

v:2 Corinthians 12:10; Acts 10:38; Ezekiel 34:16; Matthew 15:22)

------------------------
t:fog

d:Fog makes something obscure or confusing. It can indicate mind blinding, being distracted, or something that is hidden.

p:Seeing fog in a dream can mean the hidden things or hidden attacks in your life will be exposed. Fog may represent that God is preparing you for what is to come.

n:Dreaming of fog can be symbolic of sin or a warning of Hell. Fog could also represent distractions and secret sins.

v:Isaiah 44:22; James 4:14; Acts 13:11; 2 Peter 2:17; Luke 8:17; Isaiah 44:22)

------------------------
t:forecast

d:A forecast is a future prediction on weather events for a specific geographical area or region. Forecasts predict weather patterns to help people prepare for upcoming storms.

p:Dreaming of a good weather forecast could represent future blessings or breakthrough in a person's life. Seeing a storm begin to weaken in a forecast can show an attack of the enemy that is being overcome. Seeing rain in a forecast could represent a cleansing of one's soul.

n:Seeing a severe storm in a weather forecast cold represent an attack of the enemy on one's life. Temperatures that are too hot or too cold could represent a lack of balance in one's life.

v:Isaiah 60:1-22; James 1:12-14; Zechariah 10:1; John 10:10; Proverbs 11:1-2)

------------------------
t:fork

d:A fork is an instrument with two or more prongs and a handle used for eating, pitching, or digging.

p:A fork in a dream may represent where one gets their strength or nutrition. It may also represent a decision that needs to be made (fork in the road). The fork handle and prongs may also represent the vine and the branches.

n:Someone speaking deceitfully could be represented by a dream of a forked tongue. A fork could also represent one being unfruitful or being a branch not connected to the main vine. A fork may symbolize being cut away or unable to produce fruit.

v:John 15:5; Romans 11:17; Genesis 3:4; John 15:6; Isaiah 10:33)

------------------------
t:fragile

d:Fragile means something that is breakable. If you see something fragile in your dream, it could represent vulnerability in your life.

p:Seeing something fragile in your dream may represent that God is about to dwell in you. It could mean that you have a tender heart and heavenly riches in your life. Fragility could symbolize being in a favorable position and that your value is about to increase.

n:Dreaming of something fragile could represent rejection or something being neglected. It could also show carelessness in an area of your life. Seeing something fragile could also represent that you might be overlooking something that needs immediate care.

v:Matthew 5:3; Genesis 33:13; Psalm 34:18; Psalm 31:11-12)

------------------------
t:frame

d:Dreaming of a frame could represent one's limitations and boundaries. You or someone else may be putting restrictions on you. A frame could also symbolize vanity.

p:If the condition of the frame is good in your dream, it could represent the basic structure of your character is good. Throwing a frame away could symbolize moving on from your past.

n:Dreaming of a frame could also represent vanity if you are looking into a mirror or picture of yourself. Dreaming of a frame may mean that someone is trying to set you up or that you are framing someone else.

v:Luke 6:48; Isaiah 28:16; Ephesians 2:10; Psalm 119:37; Proverbs 31:30; Romans 12:2)

------------------------
t:french fries

d:French fries are strips of fried potatoes – a food that the entire world enjoys. French fries are not mentioned in the Bible, but in dream language the fact that french fries are adored all over the world could be representative of a blessing such as the Abrahamic covenant which meant that his seed would be a blessing to all nations.

p:In order to make french fries, a potato has to be cut and separated. In a dream, this could represent being sanctified and God separating you from the world. French fries could also represent abundance or fruitfulness. Fries could also represent positive words or blessings.

n:Dreaming of french fries could represent junk food or the consumption of things that are bad for you (naturally or spiritually). If you see old or stale french fries it could represent one's heart lacking the oil and Spirit of God.

v:Genesis 22:16-18; Genesis 16:10; Matthew 15:32-39; Matthew 5:13-16; Romans 1:23-24)

------------------------
t:friday

d:Friday is the last day of the work week period and the beginning of the weekend which is often surrounded by high energy. Friday also represents the resurrection of Christ (Good Friday).

p:Dreaming of Friday could represent resurrection, redemption, remission of sins, and repentance. Friday could also represent that relaxation is coming and you're going to enter a season of refreshing.

n:Dreaming of Friday may also represent a day of suffering, remorse, death, or suicide. It also represents a day of worldly partying which could symbolize sin and temptation in one's life.

v:Mark 9:31; Acts 1:18-19)

------------------------
t:frost

d:Frost is a covering of ice crystals on the surface of something. Frost could indicate an inability to progress or a lack of growth, hindered growth, or failure. It may also represent something that has been suppressed in one's life.

p:In a dream, frost could represent God's personal breath, interference, and power.

n:To dream of frost could symbolize restlessness, weariness, being consumed by grief or darkness, or a night season. Dreaming of frost appearing on, near, or around you may represent anger, unforgiveness, or love that has grown cold. Frost on vegetation or plants may symbolize an inability to bear fruit or reproduce.

v:Psalm 78:47; Psalm 147:16; Job 37:10; Job 28:29; Genesis 31:40; Jeremiah 36:30)

------------------------
t:fruit tree

d:Dreaming of a fruit tree can be symbolic of a believer. When you dream of a fruit tree it could be God showing you the fruit you've produced over time, attributes of your heard, children, or earnings.

p: When you dream of a fruit tree it could represent the fruit of your labor or seed. God could be revealing the fruit of His Spirit in your life. A fruit tree could symbolize that your actions are fruitful. The fruit tree could represent growth in one's life.

n:If you see rotten fruit in a dream, it could show laziness. A fruit tree with withered fruit could symbolize a curse, lack of production, or lack of faith.

v:Matthew 7:16-20; Romans 6:22; Galatians 5:22-23; Ezekiel 17:8; John 15:2; Luke 6:43)

------------------------
t:fungus

d:Fungus is an organism that feeds on organic matter. It is related to molds, yeast, mushrooms, etc. Many types of fungi are harmful and toxic and exposure to humans can result in infections.

p:Dreaming of fungus like moss or mushroom can represent that you are able to thrive in uncommon environments. It could also represent that you are protected against toxic environments.

n:In a dream, seeing fungus spread on your body could represent that there is something you have been exposed to that is toxic and can spread to others. It could represent a negative mindset or habit that keeps growing.

v:Galatians 5:9; Matthew 16:6,12)

------------------------
t:furnace

d:A furnace is an enclosed structure in which heat is produced.

p: Dreaming of a furnace could represent God's protection power over your life, that no matter what happens, He is there to protect you. Dreaming of a furnace could represent having faith.

n:In a dream, a furnace could represent Hell. It could also represent eternal death and suffering. Furnace dreams can often indicate a warning dream from God.

v:Daniel 3:5; Matthew 13:42; Revelation 1:15)

------------------------
t:galaxy

d:A galaxy is a very large group of stars and associated matter that is found throughout the universe.

p:Dreaming of a galaxy could indicate galactic powers or glory manifestations God is giving you, just like Joshua controlled the sun and the moon to stop time. A galaxy could also represent unknown mystery and revelation the Lord is revealing to you.

n:Dreaming of a darkened sky with no stars could represent judgment.

v:Matthew 2:2; Psalm 147:4; Revelation 6:13; Isaiah 13:10)

------------------------
t:garbage

d:Garbage is food waste or discarded, useless material. Dreaming of garbage could represent God showing you the areas in your life that need to be removed.

p:Dreaming of garbage could represent God showing you the areas in your life where you need to “take out the trash.” It could be a warning of areas in your life that have been corrupted or defiled and He is showing you what they are so you can fix them.

n:Seeing garbage in a dream may indicate rejection. It could also symbolize that there is filth or corruption in a certain situation or person and that it is evil and representative of Hell.

v:Mark 9:47-48; 1 Corinthians 9:27)

------------------------
t:gas fumes

d:Dreaming of gas fumes may represent God warning you about something poisonous in your life that you might not be aware of.

p:Gas fumes in a dream may represent that God is giving you early warning signs that something is off or something bad is about to happen. He could be showing you how to prevent something bad in your life before it happens.

n:In a dream, gas fumes could indicate deception. It could also mean that a poisonous doctrine, false accusations, or evil motives are at work in your life. It may represent a deceptive spirit, slander, envy, or danger. Gas fumes could represent that something toxic is poisoning your life.

v:Matthew 24:4; Proverbs 24:28; James 3:14-15)

------------------------
t:gasoline

d:Gasoline is a liquid used for fuel and dreaming of gas could represent fuel in your walk with God.

p:Dreaming of gasoline may by representative of pray and fueling your walk with God. Dreaming of filling your car with gas could indicate that God is fueling your spiritual life and calling you to be closer to Him.

n:If you see a car that runs out of gas in a dream could indicate that one's spiritual life is running out of fuel. Gasoline may also represent contention, strife, inflammatory gossip, or danger. It could symbolize that you are “adding fuel to the fire” in certain situations.

v:Jude 1:20; Proverbs 26:20-21)

------------------------
t:gemstone

d:A gemstone can also be referred to as a jewel or a precious stone. Gems are cut and polished and made for jewelry. The rarer the gem is, the higher value it is.

p:Dreaming of a gemstone could represent one's value and true potential. It could also symbolize beauty or rare qualities that one possesses. If you dream of purchasing gemstones, it could mean that you desire things of a higher spiritual value or content.

n:If you dream of gemstones it could symbolize being superficial or materialistic. If you dream of yourself as a gem it can show that you seek to be desired, sought, and persuaded or valued. If you're hunting for gemstones it could indicate that you seek fame and fortune.

v:1 Chronicles 29:8; 2 Chronicles 3:6; 2 Chronicles 32:27; Revelation 17:4)

------------------------
t:generator

d:A generator is a power source that is used mostly as a main or back-up source of energy.

p:Dreaming of a generator could represent the Father being a source of power in one's life. A generator could also represent  one getting their strength from the Lord.

n:To dream of a generator could represent satanic characteristics being stored in an individual. A generator could represent a missing source. Dreaming of a generator may represent that you are using God as a back-up only when your power or energy runs out.

v:Exodus 3:2; Acts 1:8; Matthew 10:1; John 8:44; Psalm 62:11)

------------------------
t:gift

d:A gift is something given to someone without the recipient exchanging anything for it. Gifts are often given to show acts or appreciation, love, and celebration.

p:In a dream, if your spiritual father or mentor is giving you a gift, it could represent that you are receiving a spiritual gift from God or the Holy Spirit. Giving a gift to someone could represent that you are about to receive a blessing. If you get a gift it could represent being favored by God.

n:Someone giving money to the poor in front of others could represent the wrong motives which will not produce a reward. If you see someone receiving bribes from someone else, it could represent manipulation or corruption in your life.

v:James 1:17; Hebrews 2:4; Luke 6:38; Matthew 6:1-4; Exodus 23:8; Proverbs 17:23)

------------------------
t:glass table

d:A table that is made out of glass could represent a place to fellowship with others and be transparent. It could also represent sensitivity.

p:Dreaming of a glass table could symbolize God showing you to fellowship with your brothers or sisters in a way that is honest and transparent. God could also be revealing the condition of your heart.

n:When dreaming of a glass table, it could mean that God is showing you a relationship in your life that is ungodly or the enemy trying to destroy you. If the glass is dirty or broken, it could represent your heart needing to be mended or purified.

v:Ephesians 3:9; 1 Corinthians 1:9; 2 Corinthians 3:3; 1 Samuel 19:7-10


------------------------
t:gloves

d:Gloves are a clothing article used to keep your hands warm. Gloves could represent a covering.

p:Seeing gloves in your dream may represent a covering that you are under. It could also represent safety and protection. White gloves could represent cleanliness or passing an inspection from God.

n:Seeing ripped gloves or gloves with holes in them could represent the covering you are under is weak. Seeing black or dirty gloves could indicate evil works, being unclean, or not passing an inspection.

v:Psalm 24:3-4)

------------------------
t:golden calf

d:A golden calf is an object of materialistic unworthy worship. The golden calf is known as the idol the Israelites constructed on Mt. Sinai to worship instead of God. Moses came down from the mountain and smashed the idol to pieces. God calls idols an abomination.

p:Dreaming of idol worship has no positive benefits, but if you see yourself worshiping an idol in a dream and someone praying for you they are asking God for mercy on your behalf and to withhold His wrath. If you see someone else worshiping idols in your dream it could represent the need to pray for them.

n:If you dream of idol worship it could represent something purposeless and empty in your life that you are giving too much time, attention, or even worship to. If you are building a golden calf or other form of idol in your dream it may represent that you are cutting yourself off from God in a certain area.

v:Exodus 32:1-4,7-8; 2 Chronicles 11:14-15; Isaiah 46:6-7; Deuteronomy 9:16-21; Exodus 32:35; 1 Kings 12:26-30)

------------------------
t:golf

d:Golf is a game played on a large, open-air course in which a ball is struck with a club into a small series of small holes in the ground.

p:To dream of golfing successfully could represent that you are walking by faith and following God's Word. Golf is a slow-paced sport, so dreaming of golf could represent patience.

n:Dreaming of being unsuccessful in golf could indicate that you are walking in doubt, fear, and unbelief. It could represent disobedience and not following God's Word.

v:Psalm 119:133; Hebrews 11:6; 2 Corinthians 5:7; Psalm 78:10; Titus 1:16; 2 Timothy 1:7)

------------------------
t:gospel

d:The Gospel is the doctrine and revelation of Jesus Christ, and the good news from God.  

p:Dreaming of the Gospel could represent God's desire for you to study the words of Jesus.

n:In a dream if you reject the Gospel, God could be giving you a warning about the need to renew your mind.

v:Books of Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Acts)

------------------------
t:government

d:Government is both natural and spiritual. God establishes rule on Earth and in Heaven. You may be dreaming of earthly government or God's government.

p:Dreaming of government may mean that God is speaking to you about the natural government on Earth. You may also be dreaming of government attacks or God showing you the future. God may be indicating that if He is for you, no one could be against you.

n:To dream of government may mean that you are resisting or belling against God's rule and authority over your life. God could be trying to teach you to submit to His power. It could also be showing you to you obey those who He puts in your life to lead over you, rather than disobey. Dreaming of a corrupt government may represent wickedness that is happening behind you.

v:Exodus 18:21-22; Psalm 45:6; Psalm 110:12; 2 Chronicles 20:6; Psalm 145:11-13; Psalm 66:7; Romans 13:1; Hebrews 13:17)

------------------------
t:granite

d:Granite is a type of course rock that is produced when a mixture of other rocks, like feldspar and quartz, come in contact with volcanic heat. Granite is very strong and has a high melting point.

p: Dreaming of granite could represent a firm foundation in Christ as your rock. Granite is always found in nature in large amounts, so it could represent God's present foundation in your life.

n: In Daniel, King Nebuchadnezzar dreamt of his image being smote by a large stone. Dreaming of large granite rocks falling could represent God's judgment of pride in one's life. If you dream of a granite rock crushing a trophy, idol, or statue, it could mean that God is judging it with destruction.

v:Psalm 18:2; Daniel 2:34-35)

------------------------
t:grapes

d:A grape is a smooth-skinned juicy berry that is used to produce wine.

p:Dreaming of grapes could represent fruitfulness or a harvest. It could also symbolize the fruits of the Spirit or the spirit of promise. Grapes could represent the Word of God.

n:Seeing grapes in your dream may represent a promise of wrath in one's life.

v:Matthew 7:16; Numbers 13:23; Galatians 5:22-23)

------------------------
t:grass

d:Grass is a ground covering and could represent the Word of God.

p:Seeing grass in your dream could represent the Word of God or oneself and one's flesh. Mowing the grass may symbolize repentance and preaching against sin.

n:Dreaming of dead, brown, or yellow grass could symbolize a spiritual drought or the need for repentance. It could also symbolize emotional and mental depression or anguish, sickness, or financial distress.

v:1 Peter 1:24; Zechariah 10:1; Numbers 9:11; Psalm 102:4; Isaiah 40:7-8; Amos 7:1-2; 1 Corinthians 11:30-32)

------------------------
t:grease

d:Grease is a thick or fatty oily substance, especially used in producing, cooking, or as a lubricant.

p:Dreaming of grease could represent a smooth transition in one's life. It could also represent an easy or smooth flow of the Spirit in certain situations.

n:In a dream, grease could be used to represent a sign of being spiritually puffed up because of one's anointing or gift.

v:Exodus 37:29; Exodus 25:6; Proverbs 21:17)

------------------------
t:gutter

d:A gutter is a groove usually located on a roof to collect rainfall and carry it to low ground.

p:Dreaming of a gutter could represent the revival of one's spirit. It could also symbolize the cleansing of someone or something spiritually or physically. Dreaming of the gutters on the roof of your home being full of water could symbolize the Holy Spirit abiding in your life.

n:Dreaming of a full or dirty gutter could indicate something stagnate in your life. It could also symbolize one who lets an issue build up leading to a blockage in life.

v:John 7:38-39; Judges 15:19; Isaiah 44:3; Micah 7:10; Matthew 5:3-5)

------------------------
t:habit

d:A habit is a fixed pattern of behavior that is developed over a period of time. Habits are activities that one becomes accustomed to doing.

p:Dreaming of a habit could indicate positive consistency in your life (for example, morning prayer). Seeing yourself doing something out of the ordinary could represent God wanting you to develop a new habit. God could also be breaking you from a bad habit.

n:In a dream, having a bad habit could indicate that you struggle habitually with something in your life. It could also indicate the need to stop certaian behaviors.

v:Psalm 5:3; Luke 4:16; Hebrews 5:14; Matthew 6:5-6; Romans 12:3)

------------------------
t:hail

d:Hail is a form of precipitation consisting of small balls of ice. Hail could represent judgment.

p:Hail can represent the justice and divine judgment of God on the Earth.

n:Dreaming of hail could also represent destruction, bombardment, and punishment.

v:Isaiah 28:17; Revelation 8:7; Haggai 2:17)

------------------------
t:hairbrush

d:A hairbrush is a tool used for grooming purposes. Brushes and combs are symbolic of vanity, grooming for self-glory, and examining oneself. It could also represent cleanliness and professionalism.

p:Dreaming of brushing hair could represent introspection or examining oneself so they can be cleansed and purified. A hairbrush could also represent taking care of yourself spiritually.

n:In a dream, a hairbrush could represent one's vanity or self-glory if they are constantly trying to do their hair or look good. It could also symbolize one who seeks their own glory over God's.

v:2 Samuel 14:25-26; Genesis 13:10-11)

------------------------
t:halftime

d:Halftime is the middle point of a sporting event. It is an intermission that provides a moment of rest for the players and the fans. Dreaming about halftime may represent that God is showing you that you are in a season of preparation for transition.

p:To dream about halftime could represent that God is showing you that He is providing a rest or refreshing for you to prepare you for the next chapter of life.

n:Dreaming about halftime and you are losing the game could symbolize that you are in need of repentance in your life.

v:Acts 3:19; Matthew 4:17)

------------------------
t:hammer

d:A hammer is a tool consisting of a solid head on a handle and used for pounding.

p:Dreaming of a hammer could represent the Word of God or preaching. It could also represent doing the works of God.

n:A hammer could also represent evil words or destruction.

v:Jeremiah 23:29; Proverbs 25:18)

------------------------
t:handicap

d:A handicap is a disadvantage that makes achievement unusually difficult.

p:Dreaming of a handicap could indicate the healing process from a disability or weakness. It could also represent a call on one's life for the healing ministry.

n:In a dream, a handicap could represent a weakness in a person's walk with God or a physical ailment that needs to be dealt with.

v:Hebrews 4:15; Isaiah 40:29; Romans 8:26)

------------------------
t:handrail

d:A handrail is a railing used for support when walking up or down stairs. In a dream, it could represent an area of life where you need to trust God.

p:Dreaming of a handrail may represent God giving you comfort or support. It could also be showing you that you are trusting God. It may represent God helping you get control of something. It could also show that you have balance in your life.

n:To see a dream of a handrail may represent that you are turning back to old bondage that God has delivered you from. It could mean that you are dependent on a weakness in your life.

v:Psalm 13:5; Psalm 23:4; Isaiah 36:6; 1 Thessalonians 5:14)

------------------------
t:hardship

d:A hardship is something that causes suffering such as persecution, affliction, trials, tribulations, or adversity.

p: Dreaming of a hardship could represent God showing you wait is awaiting you on the other side of the process. It could represent God preparing you for what's to come and having victory over the enemy. Dreaming of hardships could indicate that God is showing you the process you must endure to receive the promise.

n:Dreaming of a hardship may indicate an upcoming attack. It could also represent judgment that follows forsaking God.

v:James 1:2-4; John 15:18-20; 2 Timothy 3:12; 1 Timothy 5:8; Matthew 24:9)

------------------------
t:harp

d:A harp is a stringed musical instrument and is mentioned in the Bible. Harps are known as glorious and heavenly instruments.

p:Dreaming of a harp could symbolize a place or a sound of worship. It could represent you expressing your love for God through music or worship. It could also symbolize the love coming out of your heart for the Lord.

n:In a dream, a broken harp could symbolize that you are not worshiping the Lord like you should be. It could symbolize a distraction in your life that is hindering your worship. Dreaming of a harp could also symbolize pride and self-exaltation or a Luciferian spirit.

v:Daniel 3:5-7; 2 Kings 3:15; Psalm 9:1; Psalm 71:22)

------------------------
t:harvest

d:A harvest is the season for gathering crops or the act or process of gathering in a crop. Harvesting can represent harvesting souls for the Kingdom of God.

p:Seeing a harvest in a dream could symbolize reaping and gathering. It may be representative of an upcoming abundance and reaping spiritual blessings. Dreaming of a harvest may also indicate to the dreamer their need to sow into the Kingdom of God to reap the harvest in their life. A harvest may also symbolize the harvest of souls for the Kingdom of Heaven.

n:Dreaming of a harvest may also represent a gathering of wickedness or the enemy harvesting souls.

v:Matthew 13:30; Matthew 9:37; Proverbs 10:5; Genesis 8:22; Galatians 6:9)

------------------------
t:haste

d:Haste is a word used to describe someone who acts fervently to accomplish something because they are being motivated by a sudden urgency. Haste usually involves making rash decisions without thinking things through.

p:In a dream, haste can be a good thing if you are responding quickly to the call of God. Obeying or giving glory to God with a sudden urgency can represent that you have a zealous heart for the things of God.

n:If you are moving hastily and it's causing you to make mistakes or sin then God may be showing you things you need to work on. It could also represent that you do not wait on the Lord and you are too quick to make your own decisions out of pride. In a dream, haste could symbolize that you have a problem with patience.

v:Mark 6:25; Luke 1:39; Acts 12:7; Genesis 19:22; Isaiah 59:7; Jeremiah 9:18; Daniel 2:25)

------------------------
t:hay

d:In a dream, hay could represent preparation or something of little value.

p:Dreaming of hay may symbolize preparation as in “make hay while the sun shines.”

n:Dreaming of hay could also indicate something of little value. It may represent carnality or gathering people together in the name of the Lord but with the wrong motives.

v:Isaiah 15:16; 1 Corinthians 3:12-13; 1 Peter 1:24)

------------------------
t:heat

d:Heat is the condition of being hot. It could represent the presence or power of God in one's life.

p:Dreaming of heat or being hot may represent the power and glory of God. It may represent that you are being touched by God or receiving a healing. It could also symbolize God, the all-consuming fire.

n:Heat could also symbolize persecution, trials, or burdens in one's life.

v:Luke 8:6-13; Hebrews 12:29; Luke 3:16; Luke 12:49)

------------------------
t:hedge

d:A hedge is a fence or boundary formed by a dense row of shrubs or low trees. Dreaming of a hedge could represent protection.

p:Seeing a hedge in a dream may represent restrain or protection from God.

n:Dreaming of a hedge that is not intact may represent a lack of safety or protection. If you leave the area where the hedge is protecting you, it could represent rebellion or disobedience.

v:Isaiah 5:5; Job 1:10; Psalm 46:1; Psalm 32:7)

------------------------
t:hieroglyph

d:A hieroglyph is a character or picture from an ancient Egyptian writing system. Pay attention to what the symbol is depicting.

p:Dreaming of a hieroglyph could represent that God is giving you a secret to decode or that He is revealing to you. It could mean that God is giving you the answer to something you've been asking for.

n:In a dream, a hieroglyph could represent hidden sin or error. It could also represent something that cannot be understood.

v:Daniel 2:47; Proverbs 11:13; Matthew 11:25; Psalm 19:12)

------------------------
t:highway

d:Also Road. A highway is a main direct road and it could symbolize Jesus being the way.

p:Dreaming of a highway may represent Jesus (the way). It may also represent a person you follow who can lead you to the things of Christ. A highway that is under construction could represent something that is in preparation or change.

n:A highway that is under construction may also represent a hindrance in one's path. A dead-end highway or road may symbolize the need for repentance and to stop. It could also represent failure and that there is no advancement possible. If you see a dead end, it may represent the need to review your path and make the necessary changes. Seeing a muddy road could symbolize flesh, strife, sin, lust, passion, and temptation. It may also symbolize man's way and the need for caution.

v:Isaiah 35:8; Matthew 7:13-14; John14:6; Nahum 2:4; Haggai 1:5-7; Jeremiah 6:16; Psalm 69:2; Matthew 26:41)

------------------------
t:homosexuality

d:Homosexuality is a sexual attraction between members of the same sex. In the Old Testament, this sin was punishable by death and one of the sins that caused Sodom to be destroyed by God with brimstone and fire.

p:To see a man or a woman engaging in homosexual acts may be a call to minister, pray, or intercede for them. If you see a homosexual spirit depart from you or come out of you, it could symbolize deliverance, freedom, or renewal. To see a spirit of homosexuality in a dream but you being free from it may indicate your firmess in the Lord.

n:Dreaming of homosexual acts could represent one being against nature and in rebellion. It may represent disobedience, secret sins, and witchcraft. Homosexual acts in a dream could signify an abuse of authority or fornication. If you have a homosexual spirit in a dream, it could represent bondage or the enemy trying to bring you under his power.

v:Romans 1:26,28-30; Ezekiel 16:45,49-50; Romans 13:1; Leviticus 18:22; 1 Corinthians 6:9)

------------------------
t:honey

d:Honey is a substance from flowers that is collected by various insects, especially bees. The Bible often refers to honey as a blessing.

p:Seeing honey in your dream could symbolize strength and power. It could also represent the power and enlightenment of the Holy Spirit. Honey could mean having a pleasant experience, wisdom, or knowledge. It could also represent God's provision and a reward or blessing from the Lord. Eating honey in a dream could represent success or victory in your life. Stealing your enemy's honey in a dream could indicate their judgment or the Lord being on your side.

n:Dreaming of honey could represent being in a sticky situation or deception. Vomiting honey may represent backsliding or failure in an area in your life. Honey that is rotten may indicate darkness or evil words in one's life.

v:Judges 14:14; Romans 5:6; Proverbs 24:5; Proverbs 27:7; 1 Samuel 14:29 Psalm 81:16; Psalm 119:103 Proverbs 24:13)

------------------------
t:hunchback

d:A hunchback, or kyphosis, is a condition in the back which produces a curved or arched spine.

p:Dreaming of a hunchback could indicate that your enemy is being disabled.

n:In a dream, a hunchback could indicate slothfulness or laziness. It could also represent degenerative living or backsliding as a result of turning away from God.

v:Romans 11:10; Jeremiah 18:15-17)

------------------------
t:hurricane

d:A hurricane is a tropical cyclone accompanied by rain, thunder, lightning, and high winds.

p:Dreaming of a hurricane could represent God's divine intervention. It could also represent God reestablishing something in one's life or assistance in warfare. A hurricane could indicate that God is stirring His people up.

n:In a dream a hurricane could be an indication of warfare or destruction. It could symbolize a distraction that is making God's people focus on the wron thing. A hurricane could represent one's hateful intentions.

v:Psalm 107:29; Nahum 1:7; Mark 4:35-41; 1 Peter 5:8; Ephesians 6:12)

------------------------
t:hygiene

d:Hygiene is the condition or practices conducive to maintaining health and preventing disease through cleanliness.

p:Dreaming of good hygiene could be symbolic of being spiritually clean through the Word of God. It could represent being cleansed in different areas. Good hygiene could also represent renewal and refreshing.

n:In a dream, bad hygiene could indicate someone who is spiritually unclean. It could be a warning that just because people may appear to be clean, they might not be on the inside. Bad hygiene could also represent wickedness or sin.

v:Leviticus 14:27; Hebrews 10:22; John 15:3; Matthew 23:26; Isaiah 1:6; Ezekiel 36:25)

------------------------
t:incense

d:Incense is a substance that is burned for the sweet scent or fragrance it produces.

p:In a dream, incense could represent prayer going up before the Lord. It could also indicate purity and holiness.

n:Dreaming of incense could indicate a religious spirit.

v:1 Kings 15:19; 2 Kings 18:23; Matthew 26:14-15)

------------------------
t:incubation

d:Incubation is when something is being controlled under certain conditions to help aid development – for example, creating an artificial environment for the growth of a premature newborn.

p:Dreaming of incubation could represent nurturing, correction, or promotion by overcoming obstacles.. It could also represent development in one's life or character.

n:In a dream, incubation could also represent discouragement or frustration if no growth is seen. Incubation could indicate a hindrance in your life that is causing more work to see the end result.

v:Ephesians 6:4; Numbers 22:17; Psalm 41:12; Genesis 24:56; 1 Thessalonians 2:1)

------------------------
t:insurance

d:Insurance is a means of guaranteeing protection or safety. Insurance can represent salvation.

p:Dreaming of insurance could represent faith and protection. It could also indicate future provision for one's family. Insurance could symbolize being safe, prepared, and covered with confidence. Insurance could also represent the grace of God.

n:Dreaming of insurance could also symbolize fear and not being completely reliant on God.

v:2 Samuel 22:3)

------------------------
t:iron-

d:An iron is a household device with a flat metal base that is heated to smooth, finish, or press cloth or other fabrics.

p:Dreaming of an iron could represent correction and God's discipline. It could also symbolize repentance, change, and instruction in righteousness. If you are ironing something in a dream it could mean reconciliation as in “ironing out the differences” or working out relationship problems.

n:Dreaming of an iron could also represent pressure from trials that you are going through.

v:2 Samuel 22:3; Ephesians 5:27)

------------------------
t:ivy

d:Ivy is a deep green color that is also a widely cultivated ornamental climbing vine with evergreen leaves. Dreaming of the color ivy could represent the Earth, pastures, creation, or emerald.

p:Dreaming of the color ivy could represent longevity and health. Dreaming of ivy could also indicate a person who has a far reach and can be a positive influence on others.

n: Dreaming of the color ivy could represent that you or someone else is a clingy person who won't let go of people or things they attach themselves too. It could represent a negative dependency on another person.

v:Psalm 30:11; Genesis 6:3; Philippians 4:19)

------------------------
t:japanese

d:Japan is a technologically advanced nation that is full of rich history and strong traditional culture. Japan is considered a nation that does not know Jesus Christ and a nation that doesn't operate in faith.

p:Dreaming of Japan or the Japanese may be symbolic of God giving or imparting to you a witty idea or invention. It may also symbolize one who is loyal and honors heritage.

n:Seeing this symbol in a dream could represent being stuck in tradition or one who does not believe or operate in faith. It could represent someone not being familiar with the Lord.

v:2 Chronicles 26:15; Galatians 1:14; 1 Peter 1:18; Matthew 8:26; Acts 17:23)

------------------------
t:jazz

d:Jazz is an American music style that developed from ragtime and blues and features varying degrees of improvisation. Jazz could represent spontaneous worship or improvisation.

p:Dreaming of jazz music could represent impromptu worship or the joy of the Lord.

n:If you do not like jazz music but hear it in a dream, it could be an indication that you need to make changes to adapt to what God wants you to be a part of or engage in. Dreaming of being consumed by jazz music as opposed to praise or worship could indicate a lack of balance in your life.

v:Joshua 5:14; 2 Samuel 6:16)

------------------------
t:jewelry

d:Jewelry is decorative ornaments worn on clothes or on the body such as necklaces, bracelets, earrings, rings, etc. Jewelry is often made from or contains jewels, valuable metals, or precious stones. Note which specific jewel or metal the jewelry is made of.

p:Jewelry may represent God's gifts or a gifted or precious person. It may also symbolize one's heart's desires. Jewelry can symbolize something dear to one's heart. It could also symbolize truth and identity.

n:Dreaming of jewelry may also represent idolatry, self-glorification, and pride. It could also symbolize materialism. Dreaming of broken jewelry could represent disappointments in achieving or attaining

v:2 Timothy 4:3; Proverbs 17:8; James 2:2; Proverbs 11:22)

------------------------
t:jolt

d:A jolt is synonymous with a shock. It is defined as a sudden movement that causes a shock.

p:Dreaming of a jolt may represent the electricity or power of God. It may also represent that God is getting ready to shock your enemies.

n:Dreaming of a jolt may represent something unexpectated that will hurt you because you are not prepared for it. It could be a warning from God to pay attention to your surroundings.

v:Judges 6:16; John 6:60)

------------------------
t:junction

d:A junction is a point where two or more things come together or join. It could be two rivers, two roads, or two points in time.

p:Dreaming of a junction could represent reconciliation or salvation of a person. It could show a union of two lives, for example, a marriage. It could also be a union between God and man.

n:Seeing a junction in a dream could represent the need to take caution in upcoming decisions and be led by the Spirit.

v:Ephesians 2:14; Mark 10:7; Luke 4:18; Isaiah 59:2; 1 Corinthians 7:15; Proverbs 14:12; Matthew 19:8)

------------------------
t:kaleidoscope

d:A kaleidoscope is a toy whose reflection produces changing patterns of rainbow style colored glass or paper in a tube containing mirrors that are visible through an eyehole when the tube is rotated.

p:Dreaming of a kaleidoscope could represent God trying to give you spirit vision of seeing His glory. He wants you to see the different sides of His multi-faceted glory.

n:In a dream, a kaleidoscope could indicate deception or being blinded by the enemy. God could be warning you about upcoming confusion or the enemy's mind-blinding tactics.

v:1 Corinthians 13:12; Revelation 4:3; Deuteronomy 11:16)

------------------------
t:kettle

d:A kettle is a metallic vessel usually used for boiling water or cooking with high heat.

p:Dreaming of a kettle being put away could indicate deliverance. Dreaming of a kettle could represent that one works well under pressure. It could represent upcoming breakthrough.

n:Dreaming of a kettle on the stove steaming could indicate judgment. And overflowing kettle could represent an ager problem or not working well under pressure. It could represent that you keep your emotions bottled up and then erupt.

v:no verses

------------------------
t:key

d:A key is a metal instrument by which the bolt of a lock is turned. Keys allow access into something.

p:Dreaming of a key may represent knowledge or authority. Someone who possesses keys in a dream could symbolize someone who is important or indispensable. Keys could symbolize power, dominion, and ability. Seeing keys may represent key revelation or understanding. Keys may also symbolize Christ.

n:Dreaming of keys could symbolize unlocking something wicked in your life. Breaking in to a place without using a key may indicate pride, disobedience, and rebellion.

v:Luke 11:52; John 1:3; Exodus 31:3)

------------------------
t:kiosk

d:A kiosk is a small structure with one or more open sides used to vend merchandise. Kiosks are often found in malls or on the street corners of busy cities.

p:Dreaming of a kiosk could represent balance and proper appraised prices. It could also represent that God is showing you to broaden your horizons.

n:Dreaming of a kiosk could represent a high set price for convenience. A place of buying many things could represent an unjust balance or gluttony.

v:Genesis 34:10 Proverbs 11:1; Hosea 12:7; Ezekiel 28:16)

------------------------
t:kite

d:A kite is a lite frame covered with paper, cloth, or plastic, designed to be flown in the air at the end of a long string.

p: Dreaming of a kite could represent having a Kingdom mindset and being focused on the things above. It could also represent reaching your goals. A kite that is flying during a storm could represent that one is not negatively affected by their surroundings.

n:In a dream, a kite that doesn't fly due to the weather could represent that you are negatively affected by your surroundings. A kite high up in the air could also represent pride or high-mindedness.

v:Jeremiah 29:11; Proverbs 16:18)

------------------------
t:knives

d:A knife is an instrument consisting of a sharp blade fastened to a handle. A knife could represent words or accusations.

p:Dreaming of knives may represent words of revelation or truth. A pocket knife could indicate personal revelation.

n:Seeing knives in your dream could symbolize a sharp or angry rebuke, accusations, or gossip. A knife could represent betrayal or backstabbing.

v:Psalm 52:2; Titus 1:13)

------------------------
t:label

d:A label is something that brings identification and definition regarding someone or something.

p: To dream of seeing a label might represent that there is a need for order and organization in a person's life. It could represent that you are set apart by God.

n:In a dream, a label could represent that one is too quick to label something or someone which can stop progress.

v:Matthew 7:1-2; 2 Corinthians 5:17; Acts 4:13; James 4:11-12; John 16:2; 1 Corinthians 15:33)

------------------------
t:ladder

d:A ladder is a structure used for climbing up and down. A ladder could represent spiritual ascension. 

p:Dreaming of a ladder could indicate ascension in the spirit. You may be experiencing spiritual growth. Going up a ladder could also represent promotion in the natural or spiritual realm. A fireman's ladder could symbolize rescue or help. A fire escape could symbolize God's very present help in time of need or God giving you a way of escape. Coming down a ladder could also represent heavenly beings coming down from Heaven to Earth.

n:Going down a ladder in a dream could represent descending or demotion in the natural or spiritual.

v:Psalm 46:1-2; Genesis 28:12-13; John 3:13)

------------------------
t:landmark

d:A landmark is an object or feature of a town or city that is easily seen and recognizable. A landmark is something well-known and can define a place.

p:Dreaming of different landmarks could represent that you are changing locations or moving to different places. God may be showing you what you are known for.

n:To dream of certain landmarks could symbolize that you are moving into territory that is out of order or not God's will.

v:Hosea 5:10; Judges 15:16-17; Deuteronomy 19:14; Job 24:2)

------------------------
t:laser

d:A laser is a device that shoots out a light beam often used for precision, accuracy, speed, and intensity.

p:Dreaming of a laser could represent following precise instructions from God. It could also represent divine direction and God showing you the way. A laser could also represent a guiding light.

n:A laser in a dream could represent a prophetic warning if it is ignored or not followed it could bring judgment. A laser could also represent that one is being targeted.

v:Psalm 119:105; 2 Peter 1:19; Hosea 6

------------------------
t:laundry-

d:Laundry is clothes and linens that need to be washed or that have been newly washed.

p:Dreaming of washing your clothes could represent a state of purity and cleanliness. It could also represent eternal life. Dreaming of freshly laundered clothes may represent a new work that God is doing in you. Dreaming of clothes that need to be laundered could represent becoming broken before the Lord so He can do something in your life.

n: In a dream, seeing dirty laundry piling up could represent that there is a need for repentance in certain areas of your life that is not being dealt with. It could represent pride and impurity by disallowing God to cleanse you.

v:Revelation 22:14; Numbers 21:30; Isaiah 1:8)

------------------------
t:lava

d:Lava is an extremely hot liquid that erupts from volcanoes and carries molten rocks.

p:Seeing lava in a dream may symbolize a foundation in the making which can mean encouragement and that the Lord has created a solid work in your life. It could also represent God removing old things and making a new path in your life.

n:The Lord could use lava in a dream as a warning of destruction about to enter your life. It could represent pride or the nature of one's heart being destructive and aggressive.

v:Psalm 83:13-15; Luke 6:48; Isaiah 43:18-19; Psalm 11:6; Psalm 21:8-10; Psalm 11:3-4)

------------------------
t:lawn

d:A lawn is an area of short, maintained grass in a yard or garden. Dreaming of a lawn could represent a person.

p:Dreaming of a lawn could represent a person who has been humbled or is in the process of being humbled.

n:Seeing a lawn in your dream may symbolize destruction or death. It could also represent sinful people. Seeing a well-manicured lawn with a run-down house could represent a façade that someone has.

v:Psalm 72:6; Psalm 37:1-2)

------------------------
t:lease

d:A lease is a contract agreement upon a certain property for a specific time. Dreams of leases may be symbolic.  

p:Dreaming of signing a lease agreement could represent that there is something God wants you to commit to.

n:Dreaming of an expired lease could indicate that it's time to end something in your life. Renewing a lease could mean that you are staying in your comfort zone and not moving forward.

v:Luke 20:9; Deuteronomy 28:12)

------------------------
t:leash

d:A leash is something that is used to keep control of something, usually an animal. Leashes are used to maintain control and to protect against danger.

p:Dreaming of a leash could be positive if the leash is attached to Jesus or something good. If a leash is broken it could represent that God is breaking bondage or an ungodly soul tie in your life.

n:Being on a leash in a dream could represent that you are bonded to a strongman or enslaved to sin. It could mean you have forsaken God and joined ranks with God's enemies.

v:Matthew 11:29-30; Isaiah 10:27; Leviticus 26:13; Isaiah 9:4; Acts 15:10; 2 Corinthians 6:14; Galatians 5:1)

------------------------
t:leather jacket

d:A leather jacket is a coat or jacket made out of leather and is usually worn on top of other articles of clothing. Biblically, it could represent a mantle, authority, or role.

p:Dreaming of a leather jacket could represent a mantle. It could also represent being in the Elijah lineage and having a spiritual covering. A leather jacket could represent a commitment or spiritual growth. God can be giving you an office or equipping for one spiritually.

n:Dreaming of a leather jacket could represent going back to your natural self (taking off the mantle). It could also represent rebellion.

v:2 Kings 2:14; Samuel 15:27-28; Matthew 3:4; John 19:23; John 21:7; Mark 10:50)

------------------------
t:leather

d:Leather is a material made from animal skin, such as the hide of cattle. Leather in a dream could represent the Elijah lineage, judgment, a move of God, an offering, or a voice in the wilderness.

p:Dreaming of leather clothing or having leather around your loins could represent the Elijah lineage. Dreaming of leather being set on fire could represent an offering being made to God. To dream of wearing a leather belt could represent the ministry of repentance.

n:Dreaming of wearing leather and being watched by judgmental people could represent a religious spirit that is trying to oppose you.

v:Mark 1:6-7; Matthew 3:3; 2 Kings 1:8; Acts 9:40-43; Leviticus 8:17; Matthew 3:4-7)

------------------------
t:leaven

d:Leaven is a substance like yeast that is used to make bread rise.

p:Dreaming of leaven or leavened bread could symbolize having a positive and light spirit. It could also represent life or teaching.

n:Leaven could also symbolize having an evil spirit or having an attitude, anger, pride, or sin. It could mean hypocrisy and false doctrine. Leaven could indicate self-justification, self-righteousness, or self-importance.

v:1 Corinthian 5:8; Mark 2:13; Mark 14:6-9; Mark 8:15; 1 Corinthians 5:6)

------------------------
t:lemon

d:A lemon is an acidic fruit that is known to be sour.

p:Dreaming of a lemon could represent an awakening in the Spirit.

n:Seeing a lemon in a dream could symbolize a sour attitude or a bad deal. It could also represent someone being crabby.

v:Matthew 27:34; Acts 8:23)

------------------------
t:liberty bell

d:The liberty bell is a traditional symbol of United States freedom. Dreaming of a liberty bell could represent that there is a proclamation of salvation, the Gospel, or an outbreak of the Spirit. It could also represent a warning or a call to order.

p:Dreaming of the liberty bell could show that God is letting you know that He is going to bring salvation and is showing your calling and foretelling what is going to happen in the future (an outbreak or revival).

n:To dream of a liberty bell could represent a warning and God showing you what you need to do to prevent disaster or bondage.

v:Luke 4:18-19; 2 Corinthians 3:17; Genesis 46:33; 2 Corinthians 3:17; Ezekiel 33:5)

------------------------
t:light pole

d:A light pole is a light source often along streets and in front of houses used to see in the dark. Biblically, a light pole could represent Jesus as the eternal light of the world. It could also represent a follower of Jesus.

p:Seeing a light pole in a dream may represent God, Jesus, or another Christian. It is often seen as a guiding source of direction in one's life.

n:Dreaming of a light pole go dim or turn off could symbolize that a person is walking in spiritual darkness and could lead to an opportunity to stumble.

v:John 8:12; Exodus 13:21; Matthew 5:14-15; Psalm 119:105; John 11:9-10)

------------------------
t:light

d:Light is often symbolize of God or Christ. It is used to illustrate holiness, faith, revelation, or illumination. Light exposes darkness and reveals truth. It could also describe God's glory.

p:Dreaming of light could symbolize manifestation or revelation. It could also symbolize the glory of God or a heavenly visitation. Dreaming of a flashlight could symbolize personal knowledge or understanding.

n:Seeing lights that are turned off could represent being without understanding or manifestation. Seeing only a dim light may represent being without full knowledge or understanding.

v:Genesis 1:3; Ephesians 5:13; John 3:21; Acts 20:8; Psalm 119:105; John 8:12)

------------------------
t:lighter

d:A lighter is a device that produces a flame or lights a fire. Note what you are lighting on fire and how big the lighter is.

p:To see a lighter in a dream could represent that God is going to use you to spark new ideas or keep momentum alive. You may be someone who people can turn to get their passion back. This could also represent letting your light shine to the world and show the light of God.

n:Dreaming of a lighter could represent strife or a bad habit. It could represent having only a small, intermittent fire for God. If you dream
of trying to light a candle and the lighter is out of lighter fluid could represent that your fire for God has run out and you need to restore it.

v:James 3:5; Matthew 25:4; 2 Timothy 1:6; Jeremiah 23:29; Psalm 78:21)

------------------------
t:lightning

d:Lightning is the flashing of light produced by a discharge of electricity in the atmosphere. Electricity could represent the power of God.

p:Dreaming of lightning could represent God's manifest power. It could also represent the strength and majesty of God. Lightning could also represent understanding or an instant miracle.

n:Seeing lightning in your dream could represent a storm or a trial. It could also represent fear in one's life. Lightning could also symbolize judgment or destruction.

v:Matthew 24:17; Daniel 10:6; Genesis 1:3; Luke 10:17-18; Psalm 144:6)

------------------------
t:lily

d:A lily is a perennial flower with a notable smell native to the northern hemisphere. They are used to treat different ailments and are often used in funerals.

p:Dreaming of a lily in a field could represent an easy growth or light process. Seeing a lily among thorns could symbolize beauty. Lilies could also represent Jesus.

n:To see lilies in a dream could represent death or a short life. It could also represent being scattered.

v:Song of Solomon 5:13; Luke 12:27; Song of Solomon 2:2; 1 Kings 7:22; Job 14:2; Psalm 103:16)

------------------------
t:linen

d:Linen is a textile fabric made from the fibers of the flax plant. It is a strong fiber that dries quicker than cotton.

p:Dreaming of linen could represent a robe of righteousness. It could also indicate something of high value or even the garment of salvation.

n:Seeing linen in a dream may represent God showing you areas of nakedness in your life or something that has been exposed.

v:Psalm 106:3; Isaiah 61:10; Genesis 41:42; Deuteronomy 22:5; Romans 13:14; Exodus 28:42)

------------------------
t:logs

d:Logs are cut pieces of trees for fire or other building material.

p:To see a log floating in water could symbolize being in the spirit or staying on top of things. To see a log being thrown into a fire could suggest fulfillment or satisfaction in some area of your life.

n:Dreaming of rotten logs could suggest death or loss in some area of your life. To see a log that has injured someone could suggest defeat by an enemy or some struggle.

v:Proverbs 26:20; Proverbs 26:21; Ecclesiastes 2:6; Job 41:27; Ecclesiastes 10:9)

------------------------
t:lookout

d:A lookout is a high, strategic point from which to keep watch or to view landscape. The purpose of a lookout is to not miss anything and to be prepared for what's to come.

p:Dreaming of a lookout may be God giving you insight on future things so that you're not caught off guard or surprised.

n:Seeing a lookout and it is empty may represent not being prepared and could mean the difference between life and death.

v:2 Kings 9:17; Isaiah 6:1; Hebrews 12:15; Titus 2:13; Genesis 26:8; Matthew 24:50; Matthew 25:13)

------------------------
t:lost and found

d:Lost and found is an area where lost items are collected especially in public places.

p:Finding something may represent receiving revelation knowledge or gifts received from God.

n:Losing something could symbolize truth that has been lost through tradition or a gift lost through sin.

v:Colossians 2:8; John 6:12; Jeremiah 15:16)

------------------------
t:lottery

d:A lottery is a process or a thing whose success or outcome is governed by chance.

p:In a dream, winning the lottery could represent that a blessing is coming your way. Dreaming of playing the lottery but not winning could represent the need to be patient and wait for God's timing concerning situations you've been praying about. Dreaming of lottery numbers could represent that God is giving you a spirit of prophecy to use for the Kingdom.

n: Dreaming of becoming addicted to the lottery could represent a stronghold or addiction that you need freed from. In a dream, obsessively playing the lottery could indicate a greed problem or that you are not trusting God for His provision.

v:Matthew 27:35; Mark 15:24; Luke 23:24; Psalm 22:18; John 19:24; Job 19:24)

------------------------
t:lure

d:A lure is something used to attract or entice a person or animal into doing something in one's favor. Lures are often used in fishing.

p:In a dream, a lure could represent being persuasive in ministry or an indication that the Holy Spirit is leading you to go a certain way or direction. If you have a lure and you are fishing, it could represent that you have a special Word from God that will be used to draw souls to the Kingdom.

n:Dreaming of a lure could also represent temptation, manipulation, or deception. God could be showing you how the enemy is going to attack you.

v:Proverbs 25:15; Acts 18:13; Psalm 136:16; 2 Chronicles 32:15)

------------------------
t:luxury

d:Luxury is a condition of abundance or great ease and comfort that may not be necessary, but provides pleasure and satisfaction.

p:Dreaming of something luxurious could represent that change is coming in your life. It could represent that God is going to give you the desires of your heart. It could also represent the excellence of Heaven and God showing you how He wants things done.

n:Negatively, luxury could represent that you are too focused on materialistic things. You might be placing too much attention on temporal, worldly things.

v:Deuteronomy 8:18; 1 Kings 3:13; Luke 16:10; Matthew 6:19-21; 1 Timothy 6:10)

------------------------
t:machines

d:Machines are mechanically, electrically, or electronically operated devices used for performing a certain task.

p:Dreaming of machines could represent productivity or doing work for the Kingdom of God.

n:Dreaming of machines that are broken or not operating properly could symbolize idle words, lack of productivity, or laziness in one's life.

v:Ecclesiastes 7:29; Matthew 12:36; Romans 7:5)

------------------------
t:mafia

d:The mafia is a secret criminal society taking part in organized crime.

p:Dreaming of the mafia could indicate loyalty and being in one accord. The structure is organized and they do not break rank.

n:In a dream, the mafia could represent the presence of manipulation and deception in one's life. It could also represent that one has resorted to lying, cheating, and underhanded means to get their desired outcome. It could symbolize that a person will do anything to get what they want. God could be warning you that you will be exposed.

v:Joel 2:7; Philippians 2:2; Philippians 4:2; 1 Corinthians 15:33; Proverbs 14:8; James 4:14)

------------------------
t:malfunction

d:A malfunction is a failure to function in a normal or satisfactory manner.

p:In a dream, seeing something malfunction could be God showing you the future and giving you the chance to fix something before something bad happens. If you dream of something malfunctioning and you fix it, it could mean that God has equipped you with the power to overcome obstacles.

n:Dreaming of using equipment that malfunctions could indicate that you need to improve your communication to prevent possible problems. Something malfunctioning in a dream could also represent the need to pay closer attention to the things around you to proactively maintain their quality and well-being.

v:1 John 1:8-9; Malachi 3:6; Luke 13:5; 2 Chronicles 7:14-15; 1 Timothy 5:8; 2 Peter 3:9)

------------------------
t:mantle

d:A mantle is a loose garment such as a cloak, but it could also refer to a spiritual mantle on one's life.

p:Dreaming of a mantle could represent a spiritual covering over your life or an inheritance based on your lineage.

n:Alternatively, a mantle good be an evil covering or a curse that has been transferred to you.

v:2 Kings 2:13-15)

------------------------
t:map

d:A map is a visual representation of an area that measures distance and location. It also provides one with a sense of direction to help them reach their destination.

p:A map could represent divine direction or the Word of God. It could represent godly intervention or advice. It could also symbolize Jesus being the way.

n:Dreaming of a map and not following it may symbolize pride or rebellion. It could also represent being disobedient and following man's way instead of God's.

v:Proverbs 6:23; Psalm 119:105; John 14:6; Psalm 23:3)

------------------------
t:marriage

d:Marriage is a covenant between a man and women where they vow to be wed. Biblically, marriage is a sacred, God-ordained covenant.

p:Marriage could represent a covenant or being one in agreement. Marriage could also symbolize the church as the bride of Christ. Marriage could represent sexual intimacy or relationship.

n:Dreaming of marriage could also symbolize an interruption of intimacy. It could represent interference or trouble in one's marriage or covenant relationship.

v:Ephesians 5:31-32; Exodus 23:32; 2 Corinthians 6:14; Nehemiah 13:27; Revelation 2:12)

------------------------
t:maze

d:A maze is a network of paths and hedges designed as a puzzle through which one has to find a way out.

p:Dreaming of searching for someone in a maze could be symbolic of you searching for God. You are looking for the way of righteousness which is found in Jesus.

n:In a dream, a maze could represent being lost spiritually. God may be warning you that you are backsliding and need to acknowledge Him so He can direct your paths.

v:John 14:6; Acts 13:22; Proverbs 3:6; Luke 3:4-5)

------------------------
t:microphone

d:A microphone is a device used for amplifying sound. Dreaming of a microphone could represent a voice or authority.

p:Dreaming of a microphone could represent a voice or authority. It could represent God trying to tell you something about your life or ministry.

n:If you see someone taking a microphone from someone else or using a microphone that they shouldn't have, it may represent arrogance and pride or someone wanting their voice to be heard. It could be a wrong influence.

v:Matthew 10:27; John 12:49)

------------------------
t:microwave oven

d:A microwave is an oven by which food is cooked by the heat produced by microwave energy. Microwaves represent something that happens quickly.

p:Dreaming of a microwave could symbolize something that is going to happen quickly or in an instant. It could represent a sudden transformation or convenience.

n:Seeing a microwave in your dream could represent impatience and the refusal to go through God's process. It could also symbolize a religious spirit or jeopardizing the quality of something just to get it done quicker.

v:Romans 8:25; Galatians 6:9; Romans 9:28)

------------------------
t:military

d:The military represents who we are as warriors in God's army. The military deals with rank, order, discipline, and following commands or instructions.

p:Dreaming of the military may mean that God has called you to His army and you are being equipped and trained as you are corrected. You may also be dreaming of the military because God is dealing with seasons of peace or war in your life. It could represent God's protection and causing you to overtake your enemy.

n:To dream of military may mean that you need to learn rank and walk in unity with your brothers and sisters in Christ. Also, dreaming of military could represent that you need to endure hardship as a real soldier would.

v:Proverbs 10:17; Hebrews 12:10-11; Ecclesiastes 3:8; Ephesians 6:11; 2 Samuel 22:30-33; Joel 2:8; 2 Timothy 2:3-5)

------------------------
t:militia

d:The militia is a section of the armed forces that is comprised of those who are able to be called upon within a country's population for military service, usually only in a state of emergency.

p:To see a militia in a dream could indicate that there are many other people surrounding you who are also militant in the things of God and love Him enough to lay down their lives for the sake of the gospel. This symbol could represent one always being ready to do the will of God.

n:Dreaming of a militia could indicate upcoming danger. God could be warning you to spread your influence and expand your assets or relationships in case disaster strikes. It could be a call to enlarge your territory.

v:Ephesians 4:16; Mark 16:15; Numbers 31:1-5)

------------------------
t:miracle

d:Dreaming of a miracle could represent the healing ministry or God's power.

p:Dreaming of a miracle in your dream may be indicative of what God is going to do in your life. It could represent a breakthrough or supernatural deliverance or healing that one is about to receive. Miracles could symbolize God's power and the power that He has given you.

n:Seeing miracles happen in your dream could also symbolize deceit from the enemy depending on the context. It could represent an evil

v:Acts 2:22; Matthew 26:41; 1 Corinthians 10:13; Matthew 4:1-11; Deuteronomy 10:21; Jeremiah 32:27; John 2:11)

------------------------
t:mirror

d:A mirror is an object that is used to create a clear reflection of whatever it faces.

p:Dreaming of a mirror could represent the truth of a matter or God revealing the truth about you. The Holy Spirit could also be revealing the truth to you.

n:To dream of a mirror could represent being self-centered or conceited. This could be used as God exposing someone or something revealed in the mirror.

v:1 Corinthians 13:12; John 16:13; Psalm 131:1; 2 Samuel 22:28; Proverbs 29:13)

------------------------
t:miscarriage

d:A miscarriage is a spontaneous expulsion of a human fetus.

p:Dreaming of a miscarriage could represent the abortion of the enemy's plan in your life. It could also mean repentance.

n:Having or dreaming of a miscarriage could symbolize an unjust judgment in your life or having a failure or loss.

v:Hosea 9:14; James 1:15; Habakkuk 1:4)

------------------------
t:missile

d:A missile is an explosive object or weapon for throwing or being launched used to attack. Dreaming of a missile could represent a literal missile or might words of demolition or judgment.

p:Dreaming of a missile could represent powerful words that have been spoken or the Word of God.

n:Seeing a missile in your dream could represent judgment and attack. It could also represent words of destruction or punishment.

v:1 Samuel 18:11; Psalm 64:7; Psalm 109:3)

------------------------
t:money

d:Money is currency that is used as a medium of exchange, value, or payment.

p:Money in a dream could represent power, authority, and provision. It could also symbolize wealth and one's natural talents or skills. Money could symbolize faith, wisdom, and spiritual riches or gifts. If you dream of money it could mean that God is speaking to you to sow a sacrificial offering into His Kingdom. It could also represent abundance and blessing that you are about to enter in to.

n:Dreaming of money could represent covetousness and materialism. It could represent the love of money being greater than the love for God in one's life.

v:Deuteronomy 8:18; Genesis 31:15; Luke 19:23; 1 Timothy 6:10; Hosea 10:5; Ecclesiastes 7:12; Luke 16:11)

------------------------
t:moon

d:The moon is the Earth's natural satellite. Dreaming of the moon could represent ruling the night.

p:Dreaming of the moon could represent to rule the night. It could also represent the church. You could be dreaming of marvel powers in controlling time like Joshua did when he commanded the sun and the moon to stand still.

n:Seeing the moon in your dream could also represent persecution if it is a blood moon. It could symbolize manifesting the works of darkness, the occult, or false worship.

v:Joshua 10:12; Genesis 1:16; Ephesians 1:3; Deuteronomy 33:14; Isaiah 30:26; Mark 13:24; Acts 2:20; 2 Kings 23:5)

------------------------
t:mountain

d:A mountain is a landmass that is much taller than its surrounding and is taller than a hill. Dreaming of a mountain could represent faith and overcoming.

p:Dreaming of a mountain could represent overcoming a challenge or moving mountains with faith. It could represent being exalted or being elevated in the spirit. Mountains could also represent a kingdom or a nation.

n:Seeing a mountain in your dream could symbolize a difficulty or a obstacle in your life that you cannot overcome on your own. It could indicate that you need to grow your faith.

v:Joshua 14:12; Revelation 6:14; Matthew 17:20)

------------------------
t:mushroom

d:A mushroom is an edible fungus used for food. Mushrooms are also known as a psychedelic drug.

p:Dreaming of a mushroom could symbolize a quick or sudden growth, or an unexpected appearance.

n:A mushroom may symbolize something in your life that is fragile, poisonous, or deadly.

v:Jonah 4:10; Isaiah 48:3)

------------------------
t:music

d:Dreaming of music can represent praise and worship.

p:Dreaming of music could symbolize worshiping God from the heart. It could also represent prophecy and ministering in the gifts of the Spirit. Praise and worship could represent joy, that breakthrough is coming, and to rejoice in advance.

n:Music in a dream could also represent worshiping idols, pride, or a Luciferian spirit on one's life.

v:Ezekiel 33:32; Daniel 3:5-7; Psalm 105:2; Ephesians 5:19; Psalm 104:3)

------------------------
t:nail file

d:A nail file is a metal or cardboard implement with a specific surface used in manicuring one's fingernails.

p:A nail file could symbolize smoothing out the rough edges when something is jagged, crooked, or uneven. It could represent God smoothing out your rough edges.

n:A nail file in a dream could also indicate conflict in one's life. It could represent the need to smooth out the edges of your personality or relationship with others because of a harsh or abrasive attitude.

v:Psalm 46:9; Proverbs 27:17; Ezekiel 23:40; Galatians 5:15)

------------------------
t:nails

d:Nails are a slender pointed fastener designed to be pounded in. Nails could represent something secure in one's life.

p:Seeing nails in a dream may represent the Word of God. Nails could also symbolize something that is secure and fastened in one's life. It could represent something permanent and unchangeable. Nails may also indicate wisdom, vows, or a covenant. Nails could also represent a sacrifice or God's love for His people, as in Jesus being nailed to the cross. Dreaming of nails being used in construction could represent God doing a work in your life.

n:Dreaming of nails could represent the words of man or the enemy. Nails could also represent persecution or religion.

v:John 20:25; Ecclesiastes 12:11; Isaiah 41:7)

------------------------
t:name

d:A name is the word or phrase that designates a person or a thing.

p:Dreaming of someone's name in a dream could represent someone's identity. It could represent operating in the gifts of the Spirit or

n:Dreaming of a name could represent God warning you about a certain individual in your life to watch out for.

v:Hosea 1:9; Genesis 11:4; Mark 1:21)

------------------------
t:napkin

d:A napkin is a small cloth, often served with food, to wipe or clean the hands or face.

p: In a dream, seeing napkins could indicate order in one's life. It could symbolize neatness and cleanliness.

n:Dreaming of dirty napkins could represent disorganization in one's life. It could mean that God is revealing areas in your life that need to be fixed.

v:1 Corinthians 14:40; James 3:16)

------------------------
t:nation

d:A nation is a large group of people that are gathered together by a common culture or language that have assembled some sort of government or territory.

p:Dreaming of a nation could represent that God is calling you to win a specific nation through your obedience in asking in prayer. It could also represent a nation that God has called you to or that God is calling you to help bring the nations together in the end-time Move of God.

n:In a dream, a nation in dismay could indicate that judgment is coming to a land due to some sort of disobedience.

v:Psalm 2:8; Jeremiah 30:10-11; Jeremiah 46:28)

------------------------
t:needle

d:A needle is a small metal stick with a loop and pointed end. The loop is used to hook thread, and the pointed end is to pass through thread. Another type of hollow needle with a pointed end is used to administer injections or medication to a patient.

p: Dreaming of a needle could represent the beginning of healing or knitting two souls together. A needle could also represent a new beginning in Christ. Being pricked by a needle in a dream could represent God trying to get your attention.

n:In a dream, a needle being injected into someone could represent being poisoned by the enemy. It could also represent a soul tie if two people are being knitted together outside of God's Will.

v:Hebrews 9:22; Acts 11:18; Hebrews 13:12; 1 Samuel 18:1; Psalm 22:16; 1 Corinthians 6:16)

------------------------
t:neon lights

d:Neon lights are electric lamps filled with neon gas which can be colored and is very bright.

p:Neon lights can represent people of God who let their lights shine. They can also represent Christ as the light of the world. Neon lights can be used to display an important message.

n:In a dream, neon lights can be a warning to pay attention. It can even represent Satan being an angel of light.

v:1 John 1:7; Matthew 5:14-16; Matthew 6:23; 2 Corinthians 11:14)

------------------------
t:newspaper

d:A newspaper is a paper that is printed and distributed often sharing news and events. Dreaming of a newspaper could represent and announcement or message from God.

p:Dreaming of a newspaper could represent an upcoming announcement or important event. It could also represent a prophecy or public exposure of God and His will.

n:A newspaper in a dream could represent slander or gossip. It could also represent the accuser of the brethren if it is a “tell-all” about someone. Seeing something on the front page could represent a negative public exposure in which God is telling you about in advance.

v:Luke 8:17)

------------------------
t:night

d:Night is the time from dusk to dawn when no sunlight is visible. Dreaming of night could represent darkness.

p:Dreaming of the night may represent God warning you to be watchful. Night may also represent encouragement that joy is coming and there is never any reason to give up.

n:Night time in a dream could represent darkness or an unknown course of action. It could represent being in sin or the hidden power of evil. Night could also symbolize the stealth of the enemy or ignorance. It may mean that the enemy is on the prowl seeking to devour.

v:1 Peter 5:8; Psalm 30:5; John 11:10; John 12:35; Luke 22:53; 1 Thessalonians 5:7)

------------------------
t:nightlight

d:A nightlight is a small lamp connected to an electrical outlet, emitting a dim light during the night for seeing in dark hallways or rooms.

p:Dreaming of a night light may represent the Word of God, a church, a Christian's heart, the Holy Spirit, or Jesus. Dreaming of a night light being on and you following the light could represent your walk with God and that you are being obedient. Dreaming of a night light could represent God showing you that you do not need to fear the unknown.

n:In a dream, a nightlight that is burnt out or not working could indicate that something is getting in the way of your walk with God. It could indicate that you have gone down the wrong path and need to return to your first love. In a dream, a nightlight could also represent one's pride and being blinded by one's own light.

v:Psalm 119:105; Proverbs 20:27; Matthew 5:14; Revelation 4:5; Ezekiel 28:12-18; Isaiah 14:12-15)

------------------------
t:noise

d:Dreaming of noise could represent voices in your life. It could represent the voice of someone speaking to you.

p:Hearing noise in your dream could represent life. If something is making noise that means it is alive. Noise could also represent praise or making a joyful noise unto the Lord. Noise could also represent speaking the Word of God. An alarm could represent a warning from God or Him trying to get your attention.

n:Hearing a loud noise like static or an alarm could represent an annoyance or a distraction in your life. Something that is distracting you from thinking clearly could represent an interference from the enemy.

v:Exodus 32:17; Proverbs 21:19; Psalm 98:4; Proverbs 4:25-27)

------------------------
t:nosebleed

d:A nose bleed is an internal attack of bleeding within the nose which can have several different causes.

p:If your nose is bleeding in a dream, it could mean that God is forgiving you of internal iniquities. It could also represent that the Lord is covering you in His blood.

n:Having a nosebleed in a dream could also indicate God warning you of inward bitterness or contention in your life. It could be a result of being nosy or being too concerned with the affairs of others.

v:Proverbs 30:33; Ephesians 1:7; Hebrews 9:14)

------------------------
t:notepad

d:A notepad is a small book of blank pages used to take notes.

p:In a dream, a notepad can symbolize someone who is studying, learning, or desiring to learn God's Word. Having a notepad in a dream could represent that you are diligent and ready for what God has for you to do.

n:In a dream, a blank notepad could symbolize a person's heart not being converted by God's weird, rightly dividing the word of truth. An empty notepad could represent laziness or a façade someone is displaying.

v:2 Timothy 2:15; 2 Peter 2:2; 2 Timothy 3:7; 2 Timothy 3:5)

------------------------
t:nozzle

d:A nozzle is a round spout that is located at the end of a hose, tube, or pipe. The nozzle controls the speed/flow of what comes out of it.

p:Dreaming of a nozzle could represent the flow or outpouring of the Holy Spirit.

n:In a dream, a nozzle that is broken could represent that the Holy Spirit is not flowing in an area.

v:Acts 2:17; 1 Samuel 1:15; Revelation 16:2; John 5:4)

------------------------
t:nudity

d:Nudity is to be naked. It could represent being uncovered and exposed.

p:Nudity in a dream could represent innocence or being open. It could represent humility, honesty, and truth. Being uncovered could represent exposing yourself to God.

n:Dreaming of being naked could symbolize being impure and of the flesh. Nudity could represent temptation, lust, or self-righteousness. It could mean that one is not under grace or using sex to control others (witchcraft). Being naked could represent being stubborn or ashamed.

v:Revelation 3:17; Revelation 16:15; Jeremiah 3:3; 1 Samuel 19:24; Genesis 2:25; Galatians 5:4)

------------------------
t:nuts and bolts

d:Dreaming of nuts and bolts could symbolize wisdom.

p:Dreaming of nuts and bolts could represent the bottom line of an issue. It could also mean indispensable wisdom. They could also symbolize to lock or fasten something or something that is secure, immovable, or unyielding.

n:Seeing nuts and bolts in your dream that are loose or rusty may represent a weak foundation in your life.

v:Proverbs 4:7)

------------------------
t:oil

d:Dreaming of oil could represent an anointing in a dream. Pay attention to what kind of oil it is and if there are other people in the dream.

p:

n:Seeing oil in your dream that is dirty or cloudy could symbolize an unclean spirit. It could also represent hate, lust, or seduction. Oil could represent deception or being in danger of slipping.

v:James 5:14; Matthew 25:4; Psalm 55:21; Proverbs 5:3)

------------------------
t:olive

d:An olive is a small oval fruit with a hard pit. The flesh of the olive is used as food and a source of oil. Olives are mentioned often in the Bible.

p:When dreaming of an olive, it could indicate that you are fruitful in God's eyes or are presenting a bountiful sacrifice. Dreaming of olive oil could indicate an anointing on one's life.

n:Dreaming of an olive could represent the fruit of pride in one's life.

v:Jeremiah 11:16; Romans 11:17-18)

------------------------
t:oven

d:An oven is a chamber used for baking, heating, or drying. In a dream, an oven can represent one's heart.

p:Seeing an oven in your dream could symbolize one's heart. It could represent a heart of passion or one's imagination. An oven could represent meditation. If you are putting bread in an oven, it could represent your heart being filled with Jesus (the bread of life).

n:Dreaming of an oven could represent cooking up something evil or judgment. If you see a broken oven or an oven that is turned off may represent having a cold heart.

v:Hosea 7:6; Psalm 21:9; 1 Corinthians 7:9; Luke 12:28)

------------------------
t:overweight

d:Also Fat. Being overweight is having excessive fat on one's body that can lead to health problems, but is also symbolic.

p:In a dream, seeing someone who is overweight could represent being plump with success. It could also indicate happiness in one's life or being full of God's Word.

n:In a dream, being overweight can represent gluttony. It could also symbolize one who has extra weight from carrying burdens they are not meant to bear. Being overweight in a dream can represent one who indulges in sin.

v:Proverbs 23:2,21; Proverbs 28:7; Romans 13:14; Titus 1:12; 1 Corinthians 6:19; Psalm 115:4-8)

------------------------
t:pacemaker

d:A pacemaker is an electrical device for stimulating or steadying the heartbeat or reestablishing the rhythm of an arrested heart.

p:Dreaming of a pacemaker may represent salvation and strengthening of the heart. It could indicate that God is working on one's heart.

n:In a dream, a pacemaker could represent being on the brink of spiritual death. It could represent having a weak heart.

v:Psalm 34:24; Psalm 27:14; Psalm 105:12; Psalm 56:13; Hebrews 3:12; Psalm 23:4)

------------------------
t:pacifier

d:A pacifier is a nipple-shaped deviced used for babies to suck or bite on. Pacifiers usually calm down a baby when they are upset or teething. It helps soothe them by replicating the feeling of closeness they experience with their mother while nursing.

p:Dreaming of a pacifier could represent being content in your current state. It could also symbolize that you have the ability to pacify situations before they get out of control. Seeing a pacifier in a dream could indicate a sense of calmness in your life.

n:In a dream, a pacifier could represent that one is immature and/or discontent. It could symbolize a reliance on ungodly things or being deceived by false comfort.

v:1 Timothy 6:6; Philippians 4:11-12; Philippians 4:19; Hebrews 13:5; Hebrews 5:11-13)

------------------------
t:pact

d:A pact is often an international treaty, but could also be more casual and made among friends. Pacts are often a form of solemn agreement or promise between people.

p:Dreaming of a pact could symbolize a peaceful agreement between two people or nations. It could represent making peace with your enemy, leading to forgiveness, peace, and freedom.

n:In a dream, seeing your enemies shaking hands or making a pact could represent their agreement of an attack against you God could be giving you a warning and showing you in advance of what's to come.

v:Job 5:23; 1 Kings 11:11; Hosea 8:1; Joshua 7:15)

------------------------
t:paint

d:Paint is a mixture of pigment used to cover walls or other objects or to create art. In a dream, paint could symbolize a covering.

p:Dreaming of paint could represent a covering or love. It could represent remodeling or regeneration. Paint could symbolize renovating or changing something in one's life or heart. Dreaming of a house painter's brush may symbolize a ministry or minister.

n:Paint in a dream could symbolize someone covering up or hiding sin. It could also represent doctrine or deception.

v:Proverbs 28:13; Proverbs 10:12; Luke 8:17; Isaiah 43:19)

------------------------
t:pale

d:Pale means a deficiency in color or intensity of color. Usually, if someone is pale it could represent being sick or having an illness.

p:Being pale in a dream could symbolize purification or sins being washed about by the blood of Jesus. It could also represent being purged by God.

n:Dreaming of being pale may represent death, sickness, or disease.

v:Isaiah 1:18; Psalm 51:7; Revelation 6:8)

------------------------
t:pathway

d:A pathway in your dream could represent your walk with God. Pay attention to what condition the path is in.

p:Dreaming of a pathway that is nicely kept up may represent Jesus being the way in your life. It may represent a good relationship with the Lord and salvation. A pathway could also symbolize the Gospel and laws of God.

n:Seeing a pathway in your dream that is run-down or dirty may represent that you are not on God's path for your life. It could also represent an error or misjudgment you've made in your walk of life. Seeing a crooked path may symbolize the need to submit to God's intervention.

v:Jeremiah 6:16; Hebrews 3:10; Isaiah 45:2)

------------------------
t:pavement

d:Pavement is a hard surface used to refer to sidewalks or walkways.

p:Seeing pavement in a dream could indicate moving forward. It could also represent God's direction or guidance to lead you down the right path.

n:Dreaming of pavement could represent a tough path one must endure. It could also represent a lack of understanding or a hardened heart.

v:Luke 3:5; Hebrews 3:11; Hebrews 5:11)

------------------------
t:payroll

d:Payroll is the total calculation of what each person will get paid.

p:Dreaming of a payroll with large amounts of money could represent a blessing or reward from God.

n:Dreaming of a payroll in which one's name or salary is removed could indicate an upcoming judgment.

v:Revelation 22:12; Romans 2:9-10,16)

------------------------
t:peach

d:Peach is an orangey color named for the pale color of the interior flesh of the peach fruit. Peach is a symbol of youth.

p:Dreaming of the color peach could represent God's mercy and grace. It could represent God breathing forth the mind of Christ and the sweetness like the fruit, which could represent fruitfulness in one's life. Dreaming of wearing the color peach could represent that you are youthful at heart and have the heart of a child to inherit the Kingdom of Heaven.

n:Dreaming of peach with negative emotions could indicate that there is a bitterness and hardness of heart that stemmed from your childhood.

v:Matthew 8:2-4; 1 Samuel 1:10; Job 10:1; Proverbs 14:10)

------------------------
t:penalty

d:A penalty is a disadvantage, such as a punishment, for breaking a rule or a law.

p:Dreaming of someone receiving a penalty for a wrongdoing could be a warning from God so that one may be preserved by mercy. Dreaming of a penalty could represent God showing you in advance where the enemy is coming in your life.

n:Dreaming of a penalty could indicate judgment from God for rebellion or disobedience. A penalty could represent consequences one must face in the future.

v:Proverbs 19:18; 2 Corinthians 2:11; Genesis 4:13)

------------------------
t:pendulum

d:A pendulum is a body suspended from a fixed point so as to swing freely under the action of gravity.

p:Dreaming of a pendulum could represent something in your life that is constant, such as being able to always rely on God. In a dream, a pendulum could also represent that it is time to seek the Lord for answers.

n:Pendulums are often associated with hypnotism. Dreaming of one could indicate that you are going through spiritual warfare or there is witchcraft operating in your life.

v:Ephesians 2:8,9; 2 Peter 1:3; Luke 6:39)

------------------------
t:perfume

d:Perfume is a fragrance that people apply to their bodies. Perfume and fragrances are mentioned several times in the Bible.

p:Perfume in a dream could represent influence, honor, or love for someone. Perfumes or fragrances could also indicate gifts. Perfume or ointment could represent anointing.

n:Dreaming of perfume may symbolize seduction, enticement, or temptation. Perfume could also represent persuasion or deception in one's life.

v:John 12:3; Proverbs 7:7,10,13; Proverbs 7:17-18; Ecclesiastes 10:1)

------------------------
t:photo album

d:A photo album is a physical or digital book that holds pictures which represent memories or identities. Photo albums deal with remembrance.

p:Dreaming of a phot album could represent God remembering the promises that He's made with you. It could also symbolize your remembrance of God's goodness. Seeing photos of past times could represent God showing you that He wants you to bring back certain elements from the past.

n:Seeing a tattered photo album could represent forgotten memories or broken promises. It could also symbolize focusing too much on the past and failing to move forward. In a dream, holding a photo album with old photos could represent being stuck in the past.

v:Exodus 17:14; Genesis 9:15; Job 36:24; Deuteronomy 23:21; Philippians 3:13)

------------------------
t:picture

d:Pay attention to who or what is in the picture because a picture could represent a message within itself.

p:Seeing a picture in your dream could represent a memory or a past experience or circumstance. A picture taken with an important person could represent the honor you have toward that person or a promotion. Seeing and old or antique picture frame could symbolize time, age, or memories.

n:Seeing an unusual or broken picture frame could represent the attitude you have about whatever or whoever is in the picture.

v:Numbers 33:52; Hebrews 9:14)

------------------------
t:pie

d:Dreaming of pie could represent happiness in life. It is a sweet treat that could indicate that things are going well in one's life.

p:Dreaming of a pie could represent sweetness or happiness in one's life. It could also represent business endeavors or being a part of the action.

n:Seeing pie in your dream may also symbolize greed or gluttony.

v:Luke 12:13)

------------------------
t:pillow

d:A pillow is an item used to support one's head, usually while laying down to go to sleep. A pillow could be a cloth bag stuffed with feathers, foam, or other soft materials. In a dream, a pillow could symbolize comfort, rest, or reliance.

p:Dreaming of laying on a pillow could represent God giving you rest. If you are hugging a pillow it could represent comfort.

n:Dreaming of laying on a pillow and not getting up or oversleeping could represent laziness or slothfulness. To dream that your pillow was taken from you could represent your rest or comfort being taken from you.

v:Genesis 28:18; Hebrews 4:3; Psalm 86:17; Lamentations 1:2)

------------------------
t:pizza

d:Pizza is a dish made from flattened bread dough, sauce, and other toppings, and baked in an oven. Pizza is typically known as a meal that is quick and can be delivered. It is symbolic of a quick fix to problems and pleasing to the flesh.

p:Dreaming of pizza could represent that one is taking in the things of God. It could represent eternal life and the bread could mean the Word of God. Pizza could also symbolize God giving you options.

n:Seeing pizza in a dream could represent partaking in the wrong things or the absence of spiritual things.

v:John 6:51; John 6:32-35; Isaiah 55:2; Matthew 4:4)

------------------------
t:plague

d:A plague is an unwelcome outbreak or an epidemic disease causing a high rate of mortality. Plague is mentioned in the Bible and to dream of one may symbolize broad issues that negatively affect a lot of people surrounding you.

p:Dreaming of a plague spreading that you haven't caught may represent God's protection over your life. It could also represent God showing you the answers on how to stop an upcoming plague.

n:To dream of a plague may represent that there are some decisions you will make that will cause major consequences. A plague could also represent a fear that you've been having.

v:Philippians 4:6; 1 John 5:18)

------------------------
t:playing cards

d:Playing cards are used for playing different games with identical designs printed on the back. Playing cards date back to the 9th century. In a dream, it is important to note which suit and number is shown on the card.

p:Seeing playing cards in a dream may indicate a social pastime or the need to balance work and play. Dreaming of playing cards may also suggest that you

n:Dreaming of playing cards may represent trying to wrongly strategize against someone or something. It may symbolize that you bluff or deceive others. To lose a card game shows that you may meet enemies in the near future. Cards could also represent dishonesty or cheating.

v:Matthew 6:12; Romans 13:8; 1 Corinthians 15:57; Matthew 18:30; Luke 7:41; Romans 8:12; Romans 12:17)

------------------------
t:postcard

d:A postcard is a small rectangular card for mailing which can be sent without an envelope, just a stamp. Postcards usually have a picture on one side and people often send them from vacations or destinations.

p:Seeing a postcard in your dream may represent your desire to be more open or symbolize your need to be candid and accessible. A postcard in a dream could represent good news. Seeing a specific destination on the postcard may represent an upcoming journey or God calling you to a certain place.

n:Dreaming of a postcard could also represent an awkward moment over a past discretion. Sending or receiving a post card from a significant other could represent a short love.

v:Proverbs 25:25)

------------------------
t:powder

d:Powder is a variety of fine, dry particles that are crushed our ground. There are many different types of powder which could mean different things.

p:Gun powder could represent power, washing powder could symbolize being purified or cleansed. If a person is putting powder on their body it could represent being adored with a sweet savor. Seeing something being grinded into powder can demonstrate God processing and refining you.

n:Dreaming of gun powder could represent explosive and dangerous behavior. Putting powder on one's face could represent hiding flaws in life instead of dealing with them.

v:Song of Solomon 3:6; Matthew 10:1; Exodus 32:20; Matthew 21:44)

------------------------
t:pregnancy

d:Pregnancy is when a female is holding a developing embryo or baby in her body. Symbolically, pregnancy means fullness or could represent a new thing or idea being birthed.

p:Dreaming of a pregnancy could represent being in the process of something. It could also represent having a desire, anticipation, or expectancy for something in your life. A pregnancy that goes well with no problems could represent righteousness in one's process. Being pregnant or seeing a pregnancy could indicate that God wants to use you to birth something (a new idea, business, ministry, etc.)

n:Dreaming of a pregnancy with complications could represent sin in one's process. Having labor pains or morning sickness in a dream could represent trials you must overcome in your process.

v:Isaiah 66:9; James 1:15; Mark 13:8)

------------------------
t:price

d:Note what the price is and look up the numbers to see their meaning.

p:Seeing a high price tag in a dream could symbolize the worth or value of something or someone in your life. It could represent someone who is an asset to your life and that God put around you for a reason. Seeing a low price on a good product may represent God giving you a blessing or providing for you. Seeing a price tag may represent the price that you are required to pay for God's Kingdom. Seeing a price tag on someone may represent God revealing the price they paid to have what they have.

n:Dreaming about something with a low price may represent something that is of little value in your life or a waste of your time or energy. If you dream that you are overpaying for a product or service it could be God showing you an area in your life where you are being taken advantage of.

v:Matthew 13:46; 1 Corinthians 6:19-20; 2 Samuel 24:24)

------------------------
t:printer

d:A printer is a machine that is used to print out words or pictures from a computer or other device. If you see a printer in your dream, pay attention to the words that are being printed. God could be trying to get a message across to you.

p:Dreaming of a printer could represent words coming from your mouth or someone else's mouth.

n:Seeing a printer that is printing negative words could represent words you have spoken that are death or assassination to one's character. If the printer is printing blank paper, it could represent that you are speaking idle words. If the printer is broken, it could symbolize that you are not speaking the words God wants you to speak.

v:Exodus 4:15; Deuteronomy 30:14; Proverbs 18:21)

------------------------
t:propeller

d:A propeller is a mechanical device for propelling a boat or aircraft.

p:Dreaming of a propeller could represent acceleration or elevation in the Spirit. It could symbolize that you are making progress even if it doesn't feel like it.

n:In a dream, a propeller that is not working or moving forward could indicate that you have fallen behind in your destiny or are going backwards.

v:Psalm 139:9; 2 Kings 2:24; Ephesians 5:6)

------------------------
t:prosethetic limb

d:A prosthetic limb is an artificial body part used for when one has lost a limb or has been amputated.

p:Dreaming of having a prosthetic limb could represent that God is working through you. It may symbolize that your strength comes from the Lord, not yourself.

n:To dream of having a prosthetic limb could represent God showing you that you have false strength. It could also mean that you trust too much in man and not God.

v:Psalm 147:10; John 8:44; Psalm 84:5; Psalm 146:3)

------------------------
t:pumpkin

d:A pumpkin is a member of the gourd family that is a symbol of the fall season including Halloween.

p:Dreaming of pumpkins could represent autumn or fall which could symbolize an approaching change in one's life or a new beginning to prepare for. It could also represent a harvest or God's provision.

n:Seeing a pumpkin in your dream could represent witchcraft or a snare from the enemy. It could also symbolize a trick (as in Halloween) or deception.

v:Psalm 21:11; John 4:35; 2 Corinthians 5:17; Romans 12:12)

------------------------
t:puppet

d:Dreaming of a puppet could indicate that one has lost control over themselves.

p:Dreaming of a puppet may symbolize letting God have complete control of your life or surrendering your will to His.

n:Seeing a puppet in your dream could also indicate a manipulative or controlling spirit or being under someone else's control. Seeing a puppet could represent that you are mouthing words without heart or just acting the part for something that you don't truly believe in.

v:1 Kings 21:7-8; Isaiah 29:13; Matthew 15:8; John 12:5-6)

------------------------
t:purse

d:Also Wallet. A purse is a bag often carried by women and used to store their belongings. Dreaming of a purse could represent your heart.

p:Dreaming of a purse or wallet could represent something precious or valuable to you. It could represent treasures or your heart. A wallet or purse can symbolize your personal identity.

n:If you dream of an empty wallet or purse it could symbolize that you are spiritually bankrupt. A stolen wallet or purse could represent the enemy's plan to steal your heart or identity.

v:Matthew 6:21; Matthew 12:35; John 12:6)

------------------------
t:puzzle

d:A puzzle is a test of the mind or a game that challenges one's mind.

p:Dreaming of a puzzle may represent that God is showing you a difficult situation that requires strategy. God may be revealing that you must challenge yourself to grow stronger.

n:In a dream, a puzzle may indicate that you are facing something you cannot do on your own and you need to surrender to God.

v:Proverbs 25:2; John 13:7; 2 Chronicles 20:12; James 1:12)

------------------------
t:pyramid

d:A pyramid is a structure that starts with a broad base and gets smaller at the top where four triangles meet.

p:Dreaming of a pyramid could indicate that you have a strong foundation. Dreaming of ancient pyramids could represent that God is revealing mysteries to you.

n:Seeing pyramids in a dream could represent that one is reaching for worldly goals rather than godly aspirations.

v:Hebrews 11:26; Jude 1:5)

------------------------
t:radiation

d:Radiation is the process of emitting radiant energy in the form of waves or particles.

p:Dreaming of radiation could represent the presence of God, glory, transformation, and power. Radiation could also represent the illumination of something God wants you to pay attention to.

n:Dreaming of radiation treatment could indicate that one is spiritually or naturally sick. Radiation in the context of nuclear activity could represent a future attack or threat of war, naturally or spiritually.

v:Psalm 34:5; Ephesians 5:27; Ecclesiastes 8:1; Revelation 21:11; Matthew 24:6; Mark 13:7)

------------------------
t:radio

d:Seeing or hearing the radio in a dream could represent the gospel being broadcast or a continuous and unceasing sound. It could also represent truth or witness. It could represent hearing God's voice.

p:

n:A radio in a dream could symbolize contention or unbelief. It could also represent error or religion/tradition.

v:Proverbs 9:13; Proverbs 27:15; Matthew 24:14; Jeremiah 1:4)

------------------------
t:rag

d:A rag is an old cloth used for cleaning. They are usually torn from a cloth and have a negative connotation of being tattered, dirty, or filthy.

p:Dreaming of a clean rag may represent that you are about to go through a season of being cleansed and wiped clean from your sins. It could also represent humility and repentance.

n:To see filthy rags in a dream could represent God revealing to you that you operate in self-righteousness. Being clothed in rags could represent poverty or being a drunkard or glutton.

v:James 2:2; Isaiah 64:6; Psalm 51:2; Proverbs 23:21)

------------------------
t:railroad tracks

d:Dreaming of railroad tracks could represent the path that God has made for one's personal life or ministry.

p:Dreaming of railroad tracks could represent something that is unchanging or steadfast. It could symbolize God's path in one's life. Railroad tracks could also indicate the gospel.

n:Seeing railroad tracks in a dream could represent tradition or stubbornness. It could also represent danger and the need for caution (as in “stop, look, and listen”). Railroad tracks could symbolize a habit.

v:Mark 7:9,13; Colossians 2:8; 2 Thessalonians 2:15; 2 Thessalonians 3:6)

------------------------
t:rain

d:Rain is a form of precipitation where water falls from the clouds. Rain is symbolic of life.

p:Dreaming of rain could represent life. It could also symbolize a revival or an out pouring of the Holy Spirit. Rain can indicate renewal or refreshing. It could also represent growth and new beginnings.

n:Dreaming of a gloomy or rainy day could represent a trial that leads to disappointment and depression. A drought could represent blessings that are being withheld because of sin or being without God's presence.

v:Zechariah 10:1; Isaiah 55:10:11; Matthew 7:27; Jeremiah 3:3)

------------------------
t:rainbow

d:A rainbow is symbolic of God's covenant and promise.

p:Dreaming of a rainbow could represent God's covenant and promise. It could also symbolize goodness and protection in God.

n:Seeing a rainbow flag representing homosexuality could represent the enemy perverting the things of God or deception.

v:Genesis 9:13)

------------------------
t:rake

d:A rake is a large plastic or metal comb with a pole used for gardening or yardwork to gather leaves, twigs, grass, etc.

p:Dreaming of a rake could represent that one has the call of evangelism on their life. It could also symbolize reaping the harvest or gathering souls.

n:Dreaming of a broken rake or not having one when you need it could symbolize being weak in evangelism and God is calling you to get out of your comfort zone to do His will.

v:Matthew 13:30; Matthew 9:37-38)

------------------------
t:rapture

d:The rapture is known as the second coming of Christ where He will take those up with Him to Heaven in the clouds who have the right heart.

p:Dreaming of the rapture could represent a revival or a spiritual awakening. This could either be personal or concerning the church.

n:Seeing a dream of the rapture could be a warning of unpreparedness. If you are left behind in the rapture, God could be showing you that you are not ready or prepared.

v:Hosea 6:2; Habakkuk 3:2; 1 Thessalonians 4:17)

------------------------
t:rave party

d:A rave is a party that usually features electronic/techno music, flashing lights, smoke, and drugs or mind-altering substances. It is symbolic of sinful activities.

p:Dreaming of a rave party could symbolize freedom or being carefree and enjoying life.

n:If you are at a rave in your dream, it could show worldliness. It could represent that you have darkness in your lifestyle and fellowship in the world's lusts and debauchery.

v:1 Peter 4:3; 1 Corinthians 7:32; 2 Corinthians 3:17; James 4:4; Galatians 5:21; Ephesians 5:1)

------------------------
t:razor

d:A razor is a sharp edged instrument most commonly used to remove hair off of one's body.

p:Dreaming of a razor could represent God cleaning up certain areas of  your life. A razor could represent God exposed one's enemy.

n:In a dream, a razor could represent a deceiving tongue. It could represent judgment from God. If a razor is being used to cut someone's hair off it could represent a loss of strength.

v:Psalm 52:2-4)

------------------------
t:receipt

d:A receipt is a record of purchase. In a dream, a receipt could symbolize spiritual purchases you have made with your decisions or choices.   

p:Dreaming of a receipt could represent redemption being purchased in your life. It could also represent evidence and proof of your statements and claims.

n:To dream of a receipt could show that it's too late to change your mind about a decision you have made. It could also represent a warning about the choices you make.

v:Psalm 78:54; Acts 20:28; Jeremiah 32:16; Acts 1:18)

------------------------
t:recognition

d:Recognition can be a formal acknowledgement or that your identity is being revealed to someone.

p:Receiving recognition in a dream could represent God acknowledging you for you good work. If someone's identity is revealed to you, it could mean God is revealing their motives.

n:Dreaming of being recognized could represent that one is being lifted up in pride. You could also be recognized for your bad work or what you did not do. Being recognized by man could symbolize that your works have been for man and not God.

v:Proverbs 3:27; Colossians 3:23; Proverbs 16:3; Galatians 6:9; Psalm 37:4; Revelation 22:12; Amos 2:14)

------------------------
t:recurring dream

d:A recurring dream is having the same dream more than once or multiple times. If God shows you the same dream more than once, it could represent something very important that He is trying to tell you, or something that is going to come to pass.

p:A repetitive dream could represent God establishing something that He decreed or spoke over your life. It could also be God showing you the future before time. He is giving you a chance to prevent a negative situation if you heed the dream.

n:Having a recurring dream and ignoring it represents that you are ignoring God's words. If He shows you the same dream several times it could mean that you have been negligent to it the first time and need to pay attention. A recurring bad dream could represent the dream will come to pass if you don't acknowledge and pray against it.

v:1 Samuel 3:10; 2 Corinthians 13:1)

------------------------
t:reed

d:A reed is a wood-like plant that is stabilized in a marsh environment. Reeds have many uses in society and can also represent a weak or impressionable person.

p:Dreaming of a reed could represent measuring or a covering. It could also symbolize nourishment or healing.

n:A reed in a dream could symbolize weakness. It could also represent opposition that comes through the weakness of the flesh or instability.

v:Ezekiel 40:3,5; 2 Kings 18:21; Matthew 26:41; Luke 7:24; Genesis 1:29-30)

------------------------
t:refrigerator

d:A refrigerator is an appliance used for keeping food cool and fresh. A fridge could represent one's heart.

p:A refrigerator could symbolize your heart or motive, attitudes, and thoughts. It could also represent preservation.

n:Dreaming of an empty refrigerator could represent a cold or empty heart. Dreaming of a fridge filled with spoiled food could symbolize unclean thoughts or desires or harboring a grudge.

v:Matthew 12:35; Mark 7:21-22)

------------------------
t:refuge

d:A refuge is a place of shelter and a place where one is kept safe from pursuit or in times of danger.

p:Dreaming of a refuge could represent the secret place of the Most High. It could symbolize being under the shadow of the almighty and God as our deliverer.

n:To not be in refuge in times of trouble could represent that you are without a hedge of protection or shelter. It could represent a lack of provision or being uncovered.

v:Psalm 59:16; Psalm 46:1; Psalm 62:8; Exodus 15:9)

------------------------
t:reinforcements

d:Reinforcements are extra or additional forms of assistance, troops, or supplies needed to be successful.

p:In a dream, reinforcements could represent God sending you help in the form of people or angels. It could also represent God putting a hedge of protection around you to reinforce safety from the enemy.

n:In a dream, if you see the enemy call for reinforcements it could be God's warning of the enemy coming back with seven more wicked spirits. It could also represent a form of persecution.

v:Jeremiah 37:7; Proverbs 24:6; Proverbs 25:15)

------------------------
t:remote control car

d:A remote control car is a toy car that is usually battery-operated and can be controlled via a remote from a distance.

p:Seeing a remote control car could represent a strong Spirit-led ministry or being led by the Lord. It could be symbolic of a strong mantle of the Holy Spirit on one's ministry.

n:Dreaming of a remote control car driving recklessly or being broken can represent one is being controlled by the Jezebel spirit or not being led by the Spirit of God.

v:John 19:10-11; John 3:8; Romans 8:14; Ephesians 6:18; Revelation 20:20; Galatians 5:16)

------------------------
t:remote control

d:A remote control is a device that controls something, like a television, from a distance. It can represent authority or decision making.

p:If you are holding a remote control, it could represent making certain decisions about the future. If the remote is in an unknown man's hands, it could represent God orchestrating one's decisions. If one is buying a remote it could indicate taking back authority over certain situations.

n:Someone holding your remote could represent someone controlling your life. It could also symbolize pushing someone's buttons or annoying them. If a remote is misplaced or lost, it could represent a lack of direction or responsibility.

v:Psalm 37:23; Proverbs 3:6; Philippians 4:6; Mark 8:33)

------------------------
t:repeated words

d:Dreaming of words being repeated can represent a serious need to pay attention and God trying to tell you something specific. A voice from Heaven said “Abraham, Abraham” in Genesis 22:11; and the Lord did the same with Moses and Saul.

p:Dreaming of God repeating words can represent something important that He really wants you to hear. It could represent a critical assignment or calling on your life.

n:Hearing your name being called consecutively in a dream could represent God's anger or frustration with you for being disobedient.

v:Genesis 22:11; Exodus 3:4; Acts 9:4; Jonah 3:1)

------------------------
t:reservoir

d:A reservoir is a place where something is stored, such as an artificial lake holding water. It represents a reserve or an extra supply of something.

p:Dreaming of a reservoir could symbolize that you have built up a substantial overflow in the Spirit of God. It could mean that there is an abundance of something in your life.

n:To dream that a reservoir is empty could indicate that you're in spiritual lack and could miss what God has for you.

v:John 6:13; John 7:37-38; Matthew 25:2-3)

------------------------
t:revelation

d:Revelation is knowledge revealed to you by God that you previously did not know. Pay attention to the revelation given.

p:Dreaming of receiving revelation could literally mean that God is giving you revelation during your dream that you need to apply to your natural life.

n:If you reject revelation in a dream, it could mean that you are not open to receive what God is saying. It could symbolize rebellion.

v:Ephesians 1:17; Isaiah 11:2; 1 Corinthians 2:14)

------------------------
t:rice

d:Rice is a grain used for food. It symbolizes the Word of God and can be referenced as the substance of faith and the potential produce of hearing the Word.

p:Dreaming of rice could indicate that God is speaking to you about the significance of the Word of God. It could represent strong faith or something pertaining to Christ and investments in sowing.

n:To dream of rice could symbolize that you are weak in the Word of God and need to be stronger in faith. It could also symbolize death.

v:Matthew 13:19-23; Luke 17:6; Galatians 3:16; Nehemiah 8:10; John 12:24)

------------------------
t:rings

d:A ring is a circular piece of jewelry worn on the finger. Rings usually represent covenants or eternity.

p:Dreaming of rings may represent a covenant or something that is unending or eternal. A ring could also represent a marriage covenant or wedding. Rings could indicate one's authority or prestige. Dreaming of an engagement ring could symbolize a promise.

n:Rings could also represent self-glorification, self-righteousness, or vanity.

v:Esther 8:8; James 2:2; Luke 15:22)

------------------------
t:river

d:A river is a flowing stream of water with a current. Dreaming of a river could represent life.

p:Seeing a river in your dream could represent the Spirit of God or life. It could also represent righteousness.

n:Dreaming of a river could symbolize trials, sin, wickedness, or judgment. A wide or dirty river could also represent a difficulty or impassable obstacle in one's life.

v:John 7:38-39; Ezekiel 47:5; Amos 5:24; Proverbs 21:1; Isaiah 43:2)

------------------------
t:road construction

d:Road construction is the act of repairing or fixing the roads and highways. Construction can represent God doing a spiritual work in you, but it could also symbolize a blockage or hindrance in your life.

p:Dreaming of road construction could symbolize one who is preparing for destiny or making the way ready for someone else.

n:To see road construction in a dream, it could represent that there is a delay in your destiny. It could mean that one needs to slow down or is about to experience upcoming problems or difficulty.

v:Isaiah 40:3-4; Isaiah 62:10; Numbers 22:24-25)

------------------------
t:road

d:A road is a path on which one follows to get to their destination. Dreaming of a road could represent one's journey or life choices.

p:Roads in a dream may represent Jesus, as He is the way. It could also symbolize the path of faith or the condition of one's heart. It can represent determination on the path to one's destiny.

n:Dreaming of a road that is bumpy or filled with potholes could symbolize a rough period in one's life. It could also be God giving a person a warning about the path they are on before something bad happens.

v:Luke 3:5; John 14:6; Acts 8:26)

------------------------
t:robe of many colors

d:The robe of many colors in the Jewish culture represent honor of a high position. An example of this would be Joseph's coat of many colors.

p:Dreaming of clothing that is colorful like a rainbow may represent one being in a high position or honored as royalty and most loved. A robe or coat of many colors could also symbolize glory, a covering, and being highly favored.

n:Dreaming of a robe of many colors being stolen from you could represent the enemy trying to robe you. It could also represent jealousy and hatred.

v:1 Kings 22:10; Genesis 37:3; 1 Samuel 18:4; 2 Samuel 13:18)

------------------------
t:robotics

d:Robotics is a branch of technology that deals with design, construction, operation, and application of robots. It could represent a religious person or someone who is heartless.

p:Dreaming of working on robotics in a dream could represent doing the will of God. If you see yourself as a robot in a dream it could mean that you are armored and protected.

n:To dream of being robotic could show that you have no emotions or that your heart is not involved with what you are doing. Dreaming of being a robot could represent that you are religious and are spiritually dead.

v:Romans 12:12; Ephesians 2:10; Ephesians 6:13; Matthew 15:8; Acts 7:51)

------------------------
t:rock & roll

d:Rock &amp; roll is a genre of music that is often tied to sin and worldliness such as lust, sex, and drugs.

p:Dreaming of turning off or walking away from rock music could represent walking away from the world and its lusts. When dreaming of turning this music off, it could symbolize God wanting you to take your focus off the world and put it on Him.

n:Listening to rock &amp; roll music in a dream could indicate one's desires and devotion to the things of the world and things that please the flesh. Making or playing rock music could indicate idol worship, pride, or self-exaltation. It could represent uncleanliness.

v:Daniel 3:5; 1 John 2:15; Matthew 15:18; Romans 6:13)

------------------------
t:rock

d:Also Stone. A rock could be symbolic of various things in a dream. It could represent Jesus as our rock and firm foundation. A rock could also represent complacency.

p:Dreaming of a rock or a stone could represent a person or a precept. A stone could represent strength and Jesus Christ as the chief cornerstone.

n:Seeing rocks or stones in your dream could also represent accusations against you or upcoming persecution that you will face. A rock could represent disobedience if it is crying out in your place.

v:Ephesians 2:20; Leviticus 20:27; Psalm 18:2; Matthew 7:24; Deuteronomy 32:18)

------------------------
t:rocket

d:A rocket is a fast and advanced device that has the power to travel far distances. It could represent fast spiritual growth or the Lord propelling a move of God. A rocket could also represent an attack from the enemy.

p:Dreaming of a rocket could represent power or swift progress. It could mean a powerful ministry or acceleration. To see a rocket being launched to different places may symbolize God taking your ministry all over the world.

n:Seeing a rocket in your dream may symbolize swift destruction or an unexpected attack from the enemy. It could also represent war.

v:Psalm 64:7; Proverbs 6:15; Proverbs 29:1; Exodus 14:14)

------------------------
t:rocking chair

d:A rocking chair is a char set on two pieces that allow the chair to tilt forward and backward. A rocking chair produce a soothing motion and are often used by the elderly or in a nursery for babies.

p:Dreaming of a rocking chair could indicate old memories or reflecting on the past. It could represent comfort, meditation, rest, or retirement.

n:A rocking chair in a dream could symbolize complacency or being too comfortable. It could also represent slothfulness as a believer.

v:Jeremiah 6:16; Psalm 119:15; Hebrews 6:12)

------------------------
t:roller coaster

d:A roller coaster is usually a ride at an amusement park or carnival where cars roll on an elevated railway with steep inclines and sharp curves.

p:Dreaming of a roller coaster could represent freedom of spirit and liberty of heart. It could also symbolize a rush of joy and exciting times. It could represent that one has a childlike heart.

n:Seeing a roller coaster in a dream could symbolize a life that is out of control and unstable.

v:John 8:36; Matthew 18:3; Psalm 109:23; James 1:8)

------------------------
t:roof

d:A roof is the covering of a house. In a dream, a roof could symbolize a spiritual covering over one's life.

p:Seeing a roof in a dream could symbolize a protective covering in your life. It could represent your attitude and pure motives. It could also represent stability or being unmovable.

n:Dreaming of a roof that is leaking or damaged could represent a weak covering and instability in one's life.

v:Matthew 3:10; 1 Timothy 6:10; Hebrews 12:15)

------------------------
t:rope

d:A rope is a large cord of strands or fibers braided together.

p:Dreaming of a rope could represent rescue or salvation. It could symbolize God reaching out and saving you in your time of need. It could also represent a vow or a covenant.

n:Seeing cords or ropes in your dream could represent hindrances or sins that are holding you back. It could also represent being in bondage.

v:Proverbs 5:22; Psalm 118:27; Jeremiah 38:11)

------------------------
t:rubies

d:Rubies are a red gemstone and are one of the most valuable gems on Earth. They can represent something of high value or blessings.

p:Dreaming of rubies could represent that you have great wisdom or that you are or have found a virtuous woman.

n:Dreaming of a ruby being broken, stolen, or lost could represent losing something that is very valuable to you, naturally or spiritually.

v:Job 28:18; Proverbs 31:10; John 10:10)

------------------------
t:rug

d:A rug is a type of floor covering that can be used for décor or protecting what's underneath.

p:Seeing a rug in your dream could represent a covering over your life. It could also symbolize a covenant or the Holy Spirit.

n:Dreaming of a rug could mean that things are being covered or swept under the rug. It could also represent deception or making things appear different than they actually are underneath.

v:Mark 4:22; 2 Corinthians 4:2)

------------------------
t:safety

d:Safety is the state of being safe from harm, danger, accidents, injuries, and risk. It is the quality of being kept secure and being sheltered under somewhere sage. To dream of being safe could represent peace, covering, protection, and defense.

p:Dreaming of being safe during a disaster or practicing safe behaviors could represent that you are under a covering that will keep you. It could indicate that God is with you through any attack or circumstance that comes against you.

n:Dreaming of being unsafe or reckless, such as not wearing a seatbelt, etc. could represent pride in oneself that will eventually lead to destruction. It could also represent that you have gotten too familiar with certain people or things that could end up hurting you. It could represent a lack of wisdom.

v:Psalm 4:8; Deuteronomy 12:10; Deuteronomy 33:12; Job 11:18; Job 3:26; Job 5:4; 1 Thessalonians 5:3)

------------------------
t:sailing

d:Sailing is the activity of sailing in a boat. Dreaming of sailing can represent navigation, direction, journey, exploration, and travel.

p:Dreaming of sailing in a boat to another city can represent how God might want to use you in a traveling ministry from nation to nation or city to city. It could also represent God wanting you to relocate to do the Will of God for the Kingdom. It could represent new opportunities for growth God is giving you.

n:Dreaming of sailing on dangerous waters could symbolize that you might be moving ahead of God's will for your life. It could represent pride in taking your own path before you're ready.

v:Acts 21:2; Matthew 10:9-11; Luke 15:17-18; Acts 27:9; Titus 3:5)

------------------------
t:salt

d:Salt is a seasoning that is also used to preserve food.

p:Dreaming of salt could represent a preservative or something that is covenant acceptable. It could also represent something that is a memorial.

n:Salt could symbolize rejection or disobedience that leads to judgment.

v:Mark 9:50; 2 Chronicles 13:5; Genesis 19:26; Ezekiel 47:11; Leviticus 2:13)

------------------------
t:sarcasm

d:Sarcasm is a type of satirical or ironic language designed to cut or give pain. The word “sarcasm” can be traced back to the Greek verb “sarkazein” which means “to tear flesh like a dog.”

p:Dreaming of lighthearted joking or laughing could represent joy. In a dream, it could be representing the need for balanced and positive humor in one's life.

n:In a dream, sarcastic people could represent a prideful person who seeks attention. It could also symbolize a person who puts on a mask to be accepted by others at the expense of mean and bitter humor. Mean humor could become mockery, just as Jesus was mocked during His trial.

v:Psalm 32:11; Proverbs 15:13; Proverbs 17:22; Psalm 35:15-16; Psalm 69:12; Psalm 80:6)

------------------------
t:saw

d:A saw is a hand tool used to cut through various materials. There are also power saws that require less force to be exerted by the person handling the tool and usually get the job done faster.

p:Dreaming of a saw could represent the Word of God cutting through an individual's heart. It could also symbolize cutting away at the flesh. Seeing a saw in a dream could also indicate God transforming you and the circumcision of your heart.

n:In a dream, a saw can represent an individual being cut off from God or His blessings. It could represent pruning from God or being wounded by verbal abuse.

v:Hebrews 4:12; Romans 2:29; Galatians 5:12; Habakkuk 3:17)

------------------------
t:scavenger hunt

d:A scavenger hunt is a game or a quest in which people seek to find hidden clues in order to win the game.

p:In a dream, seeing someone doing a scavenger hunt could represent someone who is seeking after the Lord. Someone who always wins scavenger hunts could represent a person with a strong connection with the Lord. Finding items in a scavenger hunt could symbolize wisdom in the spirit realm.

n:Seeing a person blindfolded during a scavenger hunt could represent spiritual blindness due to an attack of the enemy. Seeing a person taking a long time to look for things could be symbolic of a lack of zeal in the spirit realm. Someone quitting in the middle of a scavenger hunt could symbolize a spiritual defeat or condemnation.

v:Numbers 25:13; 2 Chronicles 20:7; James 1:5; 2 Corinthians 4:4; Proverbs 6:6; 1 Timothy 3:6)

------------------------
t:seatbelt

d:A seatbelt is a vehicle safety device that secures the occupant in a vehicle. It is used to protect an individual from sudden stops that may result in collision or death.

p:Dreaming of a seatbelt could represent practicing restraint. A seatbelt could symbolize the truth of God. Dreaming of a seatbelt could symbolize protection from sudden attacks or hindrances. It could also represent security in one's life.

n:In a dream, a broken or unbuckled seatbelt could represent a lack of protection intentionally or unintentionally. It could even represent being held back or restrained from a purpose, unable to be released to do something.

v:Acts 20:28; Exodus 19:12; Proverbs 6:20-22; Ephesians 6:14; 1 Peter 5:8)

------------------------
t:sewage

d:Sewage refers to matters of waste that are carried away by a sewer system for disposal.

p:Dreaming of your belongings being carried away in a sewer could represent God's cleansing in your life. If you are in a sewer it could indicate that God desires to cleanse you.

n:In a dream, sewage can represent unclean and sinful behavior in your life. It could represent that you are stagnant and need to be purified. It could also represent that you deal with shame and low self-esteem.

v:Zephaniah 1:17; Malachi 2:3; Psalm 83:10; Job 20:7; Jeremiah 16:4; Ezekiel 4:12-15)

------------------------
t:shelter

d:A shelter is something used for protection or safety. It could be a building, a tent, a ditch, or a spiritual shelter. Dreaming of a shelter could represent God's protection or a sign of upcoming danger.

p:Dreaming of being under a shelter could represent God's protection in your life. It could be God telling you that He is your shelter and safety and there is no need to fear.

n:Seeing a shelter in a dream that you are unable to enter may represent no longer being under a covering or having God's protection over your life because of disobedience or rebellion.

v:Psalm 91:1; Psalm 27:5; Deuteronomy 28:25)

------------------------
t:shoes

d:Shoes are objects used to protect and cover the feet from injury. Not only are shoes used for protection these days, but also fashion.

p:Seeing shoes in a dream could represent the Gospel, words, or preparation. It could represent protection and Satan being under your feet. New shoes could symbolize a new way of life or newness in ministry. Combat or steel-toed boots could represent protection and warfare. House slippers may represent self-examination and introspection.

n:Dreaming of broken shoes or being barefoot could symbolize not having the Gospel or Word of God in you and having a week foundation. Being barefoot could represent being unprepared. Dreaming of loafers could represent being unconcerned, loafing, or hypocrisy.

v:Ephesians 6:15; Ruth 4:7; John 1:27; Psalm 119:5; Deuteronomy 29:5)

------------------------
t:shovel

d:A shovel is a tool used for digging. Dreaming of a shovel could indicate questions you may have about something.

p:Dreaming of a shovel may indicate a confession or inquiry. It could also represent prayer and digging deeper into your relationship with God.

n:Seeing a shovel in a dream could represent slander or trying to “dig up dirt” on someone. It could symbolize that you are too hungry for knowledge that you're neglecting love. It could also be a warning that you are too nosey.

v:Ephesians 3:19; Proverbs 16:27; 1 Thessalonians 4:11)

------------------------
t:signature

d:A signature is a person's name written in a distinct way, mainly for authorization and identification purposes on legal documents. In a dream, pay attention to what is being signed and who is signing it.

p: Seeing your name written in a book could indicate being written in the Lamb's book of life. Seeing someone's name written down may indicate God wanting you to help that person or to look into their life and learn from them because they may be a part of your spiritual lineage.

n:Dreaming of a signature on a decree of judgment against you could mean a judgment has been set.

v:Luke 10:20; Nehemiah 9:38; Isaiah 66:16)

------------------------
t:silicone

d:Silicone is a heat resistant, rubber-like material. Silicone is often used as a protection agent from heat or fire. Silicone is also used in cosmetic surgery or body modifications.

p:Dreaming of silicone or that you are wearing a silicone suit could indicate a protection from the enemy in your life.

n:Seeing silicone in a dream but not using it could mean that you are not prepared or refusing God's help. Dreaming of getting plastic surgery could indicate that you are insecure or unsatisfied with what the Lord has given you.

v:Exodus 3:2; Daniel 3:26; Luke 17:29)

------------------------
t:silk

d:Silk is a natural fiber material composed of fibroin which is produced by the larvae of certain insects. Silkworms are most commonly known to produce the best silk and it is considered a symbol of opulence.

p:In a dream, silk can represent honor, glory, and opulence. Sleeping on a silk pillowcase in a dream could indicate that the Lord is honoring you. Wearing silk clothing could represent that you are experiencing a natural or spiritual promotion.

n:In a dream, silk could be used for seduction or enticement. It could represent materialism or greed. Being clothed in silk pajamas could represent a state of comfort or complacency in one's life that could be detrimental.

v:Genesis 41:42; Luke 16:19; Proverbs 7:16-18)

------------------------
t:sink

d:A sink is a bowl or a basin typically fixed to a wall or pedestal with water pipes and used for washing. In a dream, a sink could represent one's heart, cleansing, washing, sanctifying, or the Word of God.

p:To dream of washing your hands or someone telling you to wash your hands could represent God preparing you or setting you apart for His work and ministry. Dreaming of a sink overflowing could represent the abundance of the Holy Spirit in your life.

n:Dreaming of a dirty sink could represent that your heart needs cleansing. Dreaming of a sink that doesn't work or is clogged could symbolize that the cleansing or purifying of your heart is getting hindered or blocked.

v:Leviticus 8:11; John 3:5; John 13:10; Ephesians 5:26; Exodus 30:18-19)

------------------------
t:skateboard

d:A skateboard is a board mounted on small wheels used for coasting and performing athletic stunts.

p:Dreaming of a skateboard could indicate that one is skilled in maneuvering or is fast with a good balance in their life. It may represent efficiency.

n:Seeing a skateboard in your dream may also represent taking chances that are risky or that you would rather take the easy way out than go through the process.

v:Daniel 1:17; Proverbs 11:1)

------------------------
t:skirt

d:A skirt is an article of women's clothing used to cover the lower half of the body.

p:Dreaming of a skirt may symbolize a covering or grace on one's life. It may also represent modesty.

n:Dreaming of a short skirt may symbolize temptation or seduction. It could also represent hypocrisy, sin, or being uncovered. Lack of a skirt could symbolize that grace is being taken off of one's life.

v:Jeremiah 2:34; Psalm 5:12)

------------------------
t:slate

d:Slate is a piece of construction material for roofing and siding. It is a fine grained metamorphic rock which can be used as a tablet for writing. It is dark gray in color and has characteristic cleavage.

p:Dreaming of slate could represent maturity and honor. God could be showing you a piece of slate which may be symbolic of even if you have sinned, He is wiping your slate clean and giving you a fresh start. Dreaming of a slate could represent the heart which is the currency of Heaven because when the heart is in the right place there is honor.

n:Dreaming of a piece of slate that keeps falling apart or crumbling could represent that you lack a firm foundation. Dreaming of a slate with a record of wrongs on it could represent self-condemnation regarding sin when the Lord has already forgiven you.

v:2 Corinthians 3:3; Colossians 2:13-14)

------------------------
t:smile

d:Dreaming of smiling or seeing someone else smile in a dream could represent kindness and the joy of the Lord.

p:Dreaming of someone smiling at you could represent benevolence or one's good will. It could also represent kindness and being without offense. A smile may indicate friendship. A smile could represent strength the comes from the joy of the Lord.

n:Seeing a smile in your dream could symbolize deception or betrayal. It could also represent seduction.

v:Proverbs 15:13; Proverbs 20:13)

------------------------
t:smoke

d:Smoke is the gaseous products of burning materials and could represent mystery or the glory of God.

p:Dreaming of smoke could represent the presence of the Lord or the glory and power of God.

n:Smoke in a dream could also represent offense, lying, evidence, or a cover-up. Smoking could represent pride. Smoking cigarettes could symbolize bitter memories, unforgiveness, jealousy, or self-righteousness. Smoking a pipe could represent intellectual pride. A smoking furnace could indicate anger, offense, or trouble.

v:Isaiah 6:3-4; Acts 10:4; Revelation 15:8; Psalm 18:8; Isaiah 65:5)

------------------------
t:snowshoes

d:Snowshoes are large shoes that resemble tennis rackets that attach to the bottom of your shoe to make it easier to walk in the snow.

p:Dreaming of snowshoes could symbolize having support in faith and the Word of God. It could also represent walking in the Spirit.

n:When you dream of broken or ineffective snowshoes it could represent have a weak walk with God or being hindered.

v:Matthew 14:29)

------------------------
t:soap

d:Dreaming of soap could represent cleansing and becoming pure before the Lord.

p:Seeing or using soap in a dream could represent forgiveness or prayer. It could symbolize repentance and God cleansing your heart, mind, spirit, body, and soul. Dreaming of soap could represent gaining a pure heart in the Lord.

n:Dreaming not having soap could represent sins or having an impure heart. Dirty soap could symbolize corruption or deception.

v:Isaiah 1:16; Jeremiah 2:22; Matthew 5:8; Psalm 51:10)

------------------------
t:song

d:A song is a short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung. A song can represent a feeling or emotion depending on the tone and words that are being sung. A song can minister to someone.

p: In a dream, a song can represent praise or worship. God could literally be giving you a song in a dream that He wants you to sing. Pay attention to the lyrics of the song, the Lord may be trying to minister to you.

n:Dreaming of a song that you cannot understand or that sounds out of tune could represent unhappiness or rebellion. Dreaming of a song with inappropriate lyrics could represent being in the world or idolatry.

v:Daniel 3:5; 2 Chronicles 5:13)

------------------------
t:spear

d:A spear is a long stabbing weapon for thrusting or throwing, consisting of a wooden shaft to which a sharp-pointed head is attached.

p:Dreaming of a spear could represent accurate words of prophecy. It could also represent one's ability to handle a situation with quickness and accuracy.

n:Dreaming of a spear indicates that your behavior is intentionally trying to hurt someone quickly. It could represent back stabbing or betrayal with words.

v:Nehemiah 4:13-14; Psalm 57:4; 1 Samuel 18:10-11)

------------------------
t:spiral

d:A spiral is a winding movement or shape that can be demonstrated during falling from a height.  

p:Dreaming of a spiral could represent communication from God to you. If you dream of an upward spiral it could represent God bringing you out of a low place and indicate overcoming in one's life.

n:In a dream, a downward spiral could represent rebellion, disobedience, and judgment. It could represent falling into the traps of Satan and also backsliding.

v:Genesis 28:12; Proverbs 24:16; Revelation 20:3)

------------------------
t:spring

d:Spring is a time or season of growth or development. Dreaming of spring could represent spiritual or natural growth.

p:Dreaming of spring could represent a fresh start or new beginning in one's life. It could represent renewal and refreshing. Spring could be a sign that indicates salvation in one's life.

n:If you dream of spring, it could represent a new beginning in your life that you are handling incorrectly. For example, if you plant seeds in the springtime but don't take care of them correctly you won't reap the intended harvest.

v:Isaiah 43:19; Acts 3:19)

------------------------
t:square

d:A square is a geometric shape with four equal sides of the same length.

p:Dreaming of a square could represent perfection or equality. It could also symbolize being an efficient and integral person who doesn't cut corners.

n:A square could also symbolize something or someone who is hard or harsh, of the world, and showing no mercy. It could represent legalistic or religious qualities.

v:Leviticus 19:9; 1 Kings 7:5)

------------------------
t:stairs

d:Stairs are a series of steps for passing from one level or floor to another. Pay attention if you are going up or down the stairs in a dream.

p:Going up a set of stairs in a dream could represent promotion in the spirit or natural. It could also symbolize ambition or being elevated in God. Going down a staircase could represent humility.

n:Dreaming of a staircase could represent self-exaltation and pride. If you're going down, it could represent demotion or loss.

v:Exodus 20:26; Proverbs 29:23; Psalm 75:6)

------------------------
t:star

d:Dreaming of a star could represent divine direction from the Lord.

p:Dreaming of a star could represent an apostle, preacher, minister, Christians, or good role-model. Stars can also indicate divine direction or God leading you a certain way. Dreaming of stars in space could symbolize dominion and God's creation.

n:Seeing stars in a dream may indicate idolatry or witchcraft (as in astrology). It could also represent bad role-models in one's life. Stars could represent prideful or arrogant people (as in “the star of the show.”)

v:Genesis 37:9-10; Daniel 12:3; Genesis 1:16; Genesis 15:5; Psalm 8:3)

------------------------
t:stoplight

d:A stoplight is a traffic sign with different colored designed to notify drivers. The red light means stop, the yellow light means prepare to stop, and the green light means go. Pay attention to what color the stoplight is in a dream.

p:Dreaming of a stoplight could symbolize God giving you wisdom concerning decisions in your life. Seeing a red light could mean that God is telling you to pause or wait to avoid collision with something that could destroy you. Dreaming of a green light could represent God saying to go.

n:In a dream, a stoplight could represent that you may not be taking heed to warnings and consequences. It could also symbolize reckless habits you may have.

v:James 1:19; Proverbs 16:18)

------------------------
t:storm

d:A storm could indicate a trial or tribulation you must endure, but God is offering a way to get out or to be your help in time of need.

p:Seeing a storm in your dream could represent God bringing you through a trial or tribulation. It could represent God being with you in times of trouble.

n:In a dream, a storm could symbolize sudden calamity or destruction. It could also represent fear, opposition, or a disturbance in your life.

v:Isaiah 25:4; Job 27:21; Psalm 107:29)


------------------------
t:strangulation

d:Strangulation is the action or state of being strangled. It is the compression of the neck which can lead to death by asphyxiation.

p:In a dream, if you are strangling an enemy it could represent that you have dominion over that spirit in your life. Praising God will give you strangling powers over the enemy.

n:If you are being strangled in a dream, it could represent judgment. It could also represent a spirit that deprives a person of

v:Genesis 49:8; Deuteronomy 28:47-48)

------------------------
t:stream

d:A stream is a flow of water that is smaller than a river. It is a steady and unbroken current that moves continually.

p:Dreaming of a stream could represent progress or a steady flow of emotions.

n:To dream of a dry stream could symbolize being emotionally or spiritually dry and in need of divine intervention.

v:Exodus 7:19; Exodus 8:5; Psalm 78:16; Isaiah 34:9; Isaiah 35:6)

------------------------
t:stumble

d:To stumble may mean to fall into sin or to make an error.

p:Dreaming of someone stumbling may represent God causing your enemies to stumble and fall. If you stumble in a dream it could represent that God is there to help you get back up and to trust Him.

n:If you dream of yourself stumbling it could represent backsliding or deception. Stumbling could also symbolize to make continual mistakes or be overcome with sin.

v:Psalm 27:2; John 11:10; Jeremiah 20:11; 1 Samuel 2:4)

------------------------
t:suicide

d:Suicide is the act of ending one's own life.

p:Dreaming of suicide may represent crucifying the flesh or dying to self. It may represent giving up your own will and surrendering to God.

n:Committing suicide in a dream may represent self-hatred or self-destruction. It could also represent a foolish action one has made or remorse and condemnation over past mistakes which is leading to spiritual death.

v:Matthew 27:5; Revelation 12:11; Galatians 2:20; Luke 9:23; Galatians 5:24; Mark 8:35)

------------------------
t:suitcase

d:A suitcase is a portable case designed to hold a traveler's clothing and personal articles.

p:Dreaming of a suitcase could represent travel or a change in location. It could also represent your heart. If the suitcase is full and tidy it could represent being organized.

n:Dreaming of an empty suitcase could represent that you are missing something in life or your heart is void of God's love. A messy suitcase could represent the need to organize. Seeing a suitcase could symbolize that you are not where God wants you to be and need to move out of a certain situation, relationship, or location.

v:Galatians 6:5; Proverbs 4:23; 1 Corinthians 14:40)

------------------------
t:summer

d:Summer is the warm season of the year and can represent a season of opportunity and blessing in one's life.

p:Dreaming of the summer may represent an opportunity that is about to arise in your life. Summer could also represent harvest time and the season in which you will reap the blessings that God has for you. Dreaming of summer could symbolize a literal time factor, in that the elements of the dream will take place in the summer time.

n:Having a dream about summer could also represent a trial or affliction you will have to endure.

v:Proverbs 10:5 Psalm 24:5)

------------------------
t:sun

d:The sun is the most powerful star around which the Earth and other planets revolve. The sun could represent God's creation.

p:Dreaming of the sun could represent God and His goodness. It could also represent light and the Glory of God and His creation. Dreaming of the sun could represent marvel powers and glory manifestations such as controlling time like Joshua did.

n:The sun could represent the god of the world and witchcraft. It could also represent affliction and trials. The sun could also represent that too much of a good thing can have adverse effects.

v:Joshua 10:12; Mark 4:6,17)

------------------------
t:surfboard

d:A surfboard is a long, narrow, buoyant board used in the sport of surfing which could indicate endurance in a dream.

p: Dreaming of riding a surfboard could indicate that on has balance in their life. It could also represent survival during a difficult season, circumstance, or tribulation. A surfboard could represent dependence on the Holy Spirit or flowing in the Spirit.

n:Dreaming of losing your balance on a surfboard could represent that you have a lack of balance in your life. Falling off a surfboard could insinuate instability or being unable to handle a certain situation on one's own and needing the intervention of the Holy Spirit.

v:James 1:12-18; Romans 5:3-4; Romans 12:12; Isaiah 44:3; Psalm 62:2; Lamentations 3:54)

------------------------
t:surprise

d:A surprise is an unexpected or astonishing event, fact, or thing. Surprises often have positive connotations, but can also be negative.

p:Dreaming of a surprise party could represent that God is getting ready to release blessings on one's life. Dreaming of receiving a surprise could represent an unexpected uplifting both naturally or spiritually. Dreaming of a surprise could indicate that God is unveiling mysteries and revelation to you.

n:In a dream, a surprise could represent a warning from God to be ready for an upcoming attack from the enemy. It could be a reminder to always be prepared.

v:1 Corinthians 2:10; Deuteronomy 29:29; John 15:11; Luke 21:34-36; 1 Corinthians 14:33,40)

------------------------
t:swimming pool

d:A swimming pool is a small and rather deep body of usually fresh water recreation, sport, or leisure.

p:Dreaming of a swimming pool could represent the Holy Spirit. It could also represent God's blessings or one's church, home, or family.

n:A pool with waves could represent instability. Seeing a dirty or empty pool in your dream could represent being backslidden, corrupt, or in a destitute spiritual condition.

v:Isaiah 41:18; Genesis 49:4; 2 Samuel 2:13)

------------------------
t:swing

d:A swing can represent rest or fun. Swinging could also symbolize quietness and peace.

p:Dreaming of a swing could represent rest, quietness, and peace. It could also represent fellowship or romance with someone else.

n:Seeing a swing in your dream could represent danger if one is swinging high or infidelity.

v:Isaiah 30:15)

------------------------
t:sword

d:A sword is a weapon with a long blade for cutting or thrusting. They are often used as a symbol of honor or authority.

p:Seeing a sword in your dream could represent the Word of God or critical words in one's life. It could symbolize fighting in God's army and the power of the Lord.

n:Dreaming of a sword could symbolize strife in one's life. It could also represent a threat or intent to harm. A sword could symbolize war, destruction, or the judgment of God.

v:Hebrews 4:12; Matthew 10:34; Proverbs 12:18)

------------------------
t:syringe

d:A syringe is a device used to inject or withdraw fluids from something. Syringes are most commonly known to administer medication into the body.

p:In a dream, pay attention to what is being administered via the syringe. It could represent an antidote for something harmful in your life. A syringe could represent a godly solution to life's problems.

n:Dreaming of a syringe could indicate death via lethal injection. It could symbolize that you are partaking in sinful activities that are harming your spiritual life.

v:Job 33:4; Proverbs 4:23; 2 Corinthians 3:6)

------------------------
t:syrup

d:Syrup is any of the various thick, sweet, liquids prepared for able use from molasses, glucose, etc.

p:Dreaming of syrup could represent a good thing that requires patience. It could also represent sweet words or cirumstances.

n:Dreaming of syrup might indicate that one is stuck in a situation that they need help getting out.

v:Romans 12:12; Proverbs 3:5-6)

------------------------
t:table

d: table is a piece of furniture consisting of a smooth slab set on legs. Tables are usually used for eating or working.

p:Dreaming of a table could represent a conference, provision, covenant, or agreement.

n:If you dream of something under the table it could symbolize hidden motives, evil intent, or deceit.

v:1 Corinthians 10:20-21; Psalm 23:5)

------------------------
t:tape

d:Tape is a strip of material that is used to bind or keep something together, or to outline something when painting.

p:In a dream, tape could represent God bringing to people or things together. It could also represent the need for structure and organization.

n:Dreaming of tape that is not sticky or doesn't work could represent that you are trying to force two things together outside of God's timing or Will.

v:Isaiah 49:18)

------------------------
t:tar

d:Tar is a sticky black substance with a notable smell and used to make repairs, especially on roads.

p:Seeing tar in a dream could symbolize a repair or patchwork. It could represent God fixing an area in your life.

n:Dreaming of tar may also represent bitterness, hatred, or offense the dreamer has toward someone or something. It could indicate that one is holding a grudge.

v:Exodus 2:3; Leviticus 19:18)

------------------------
t:tarot cards

d:Tarot cards are a set of pictorial cards which are used for fortune-telling and in witchcraft. Note what design is on the tarot card in a dream.

p:Seeing a tarot card in a dream may represent a connection to the spirit world and knowing the future in a dream state.

n:Dreaming of tarot cards may symbolize that you rely too much on the world and need to surrender to the plans of the Lord. To see a deck of tarot cards in a dream may represent that the dreamer is too worried about the future. They could also represent witchcraft and being too familiar with darkness.

v:Proverbs 22:3)

------------------------
t:tears

d:Tears are drops of clear fluid that come out of one's eyes when crying. You may even wake up with real tears. The Bible says that the Lord bottles our tears.

p:Tears in a dream may symbolize prayer or love. Dreaming of tears of joy may represent happiness or peace.

n:Dreaming of tears could represent anguish, or grief. It could also symbolize sorrow or judgment in one's life.

v:Psalm 34:6; 2 Kings 20:5; Job 16:20; Psalm 126:5)

------------------------
t:teddy bear

d:A teddy bear is a stuffed toy bear that can represent children or childhood.

p:Dreaming of a teddy bear could represent a childlike spirit or remembrance of the former things.

n:In a dream, a teddy bear could signify a counterfeit comfort or a lack of maturity.

v:Jeremiah 2:2; Psalm 71:5; Matthew 18:2-6; Isaiah 43:18; Philippians 3:13; 1 Corinthians 13:11)

------------------------
t:telephone

d:Dreaming of a telephone could represent communication or lack thereof in one's life.

p:Dreaming of a telephone could represent communication through God in prayer. It could also represent the voice of God or a message you need to give or receive.

n:Seeing a telephone in your dream may indicate the demonic voice of an enemy in your life. A telephone could symbolize gossip or speaking against others. An inoperative or busy phone could symbolize hindered prayers.

v:Romans 10:12,17; Matthew 12:37; Haggai 1:13)

------------------------
t:telescope

d:A telescope is an instrument designed to make objects in the distance appear closer. Telescopes can zoom into objects that are anywhere from 1 billion to 10 billion lightyears away. Dreaming of a telescope could represent that God wants you to seek the things of Heaven.

p:Dreaming of a telescope could mean that God is revealing to you that you are in a season where you need to seek the things above. It could also represent God wanting to take a closer look at your surroundings.

n:In a dream, a telescope could represent that God is showing you that you are magnifying yourself in pride and need to humble yourself. It could also represent that you are magnifying the problems of others by being judgmental.

v:Colossians 3:1; Isaiah 14:14; Matthew 7:1)

------------------------
t:television

d:A television is an appliance that can be used for entertainment. Note the size of the television and how old it is.

p:Dreaming of a television may represent what is to come. It could also symbolize a message that God is trying to get across to you or preaching.

n:A television in a dream could symbolize an evil influence or wickedness.

v:Daniel 2:19; 1 Corinthians 16:13; Isaiah 40:5)

------------------------
t:testimony

d:A testimony is written or spoken evidence or proof provided by the existence or appearance of something.

p:If you are telling a testimony in a dream, God is leading you to proclaim the truth and give people the witness of the truth. It could also represent overcoming and being victorious.

n:Dreaming of an untrue testimony could represent false witness or lies.

v:Revelation 12:11; Psalm 93:5; Proverbs 6:19; Proverbs 14:5; Exodus 23:1)

------------------------
t:thanksgiving

d:Thanksgiving is a holiday representing thankfulness and can be an expression of gratitude toward God. A cornucopia usually symbolizes thanksgiving which is representative of a harvest.

p:In a dream, having thanksgiving dinner could represent that you are expressing thankfulness to the Lord. It could also represent blessings that will follow thanksgiving toward the Lord.

n:Dreaming of no one showing up to a thanksgiving dinner could represent a lack of thankfulness in your life resulting in barrenness.

v:2 Corinthians 4:15; 2 Chronicles 5:13; 2 Corinthians 9:11; Jeremiah 30:19; Philippians 4:6-7; 1 Timothy 4:4-5; Psalm 7:17)

------------------------
t:thermostat

d:A thermostat is a tool used to determine the temperature in a certain area or place. When dreaming of a person using a thermostat, they could be adjusting the temperature of a room.

p: Dreaming of a thermostat could represent someone being hot or cold. If someone is changing the temperature on a thermostat, it could represent someone who is changing the atmosphere around them positively.

n:In a dream, a thermostat could represent a person who is lukewarm. It could also represent one's emotions. For example, if the thermostat is abnormally high, the person could have anger problems.

v:Genesis 8:22; Revelation 3:15,16)

------------------------
t:ticket

d:A ticket is a piece of paper or small card that gives the holder a certain right, especially to enter a place, travel by public transport, or participate in an event. A ticket can also be a written citation given by law enforcement when a person breaks a law that usually results in a fine.

p:Dreaming of receiving a ticket of admittance could represent God giving you access to a place with Him or relationship. It could represent spiritual growth and moving to greater dimensions with God.

n:Dreaming of receiving a ticket that denies you entry to a place could represent that God will not promote you or give you access to something until you complete your process. Dreaming of receiving a ticket from a police officer could represent that you have sinned and the need to repent. Receiving a ticket in which you've received a fine, it could represent you owing God more prayer and fellowship.

v:John 14:6; John 3:5; Psalm 100:4; Hebrews 4:1; Luke 13:24)

------------------------
t:torch

d:A torch is a light, usually through a burning stick or an object that causes light to remain in dark areas.

p:Dreaming of a nation being represented with a torch could mean justification from God. Dreaming of a torch could represent being refined or approved by God. A torch could also represent being a light in the darkness to lead people to Christ.

n:In a dream, a torch could represent deception or betrayal.

v:Zechariah 12:6; Zechariah 13:9; Proverbs 26:18)

------------------------
t:tornado

d:A tornado is a destructive violent wind that forms in the clouds. It causes a lot of damage and can even destroy houses. Dreaming of a tornado could be a warning of impending danger.

p:God may give you a warning of a tornado before it happens so that you can warn others and stay safe. Seeing a tornado in a dream could also represent a sudden change that will destroy the old things in your life to make room for the new.

n:Dreaming of a tornado could symbolize destruction or an uncontrollable situation. It could represent anxiety and frustration. A tornado could be a sign of judgment.

v:Psalm 77:18; Ezekiel 1:4; Proverbs 10:25; Proverbs 1:27)

------------------------
t:trap

d:A trap is a metal clamp device that is used to ensnare or capture without notice. A trap could represent being confined or restricted. Traps often represent the schemes of the enemy.

p:Dreaming of a could represent overcoming a scheme or plot against you. It could also symbolize resisting temptation.

n:Seeing a trap in a dream could indicate that the enemy is trying to cause you to fall into sin. Falling into a pitfall could represent the need for deliverance and freedom from deception.

v:Proverbs 12:13; Psalm 141:9; Proverbs 13:14; James 4:7; 1 Corinthians 10:13; Proverbs 26:27)

------------------------
t:treasure

d:Treasure is wealth such as money, jewels, or precious metals, that are stored up or hoarded. It could also represent something of great worth or value or a collection of precious things.

p:Dreaming of treasure could represent riches coming to you both naturally and spiritually.

n:Seeing treasure in a dream could symbolize that one is materialistic and more concerned about earthly treasure than godly treasure.

v:Exodus 19:5-6; Isaiah 45:3; Matthew 19:21; Philippians 4:19; Proverbs 10:2)

------------------------
t:tree stump

d:A tree stump is a remaining portion of roots from a tree after it has been cut down.

p:Dreaming of a tree stump could symbolize that there is hope for new growth to take place in one's life. It could represent a that God is pruning you and cutting off the dead branches so you can regrow and produce fruit.

n:Seeing a rotten tree stump could indicate that one is spiritually dead and not bearing fruit. It could represent the need for the Lord's intervention in one's life.

v:Job 18:16; Daniel 4:15; Isaiah 5:24)

------------------------
t:trumpet

d:A trumpet is a brass instrument with a flared opening. It has a smooth but strong tone. It is played by using its three valves at the top of the instrument to change keys.

p:Dreaming of a trumpet could indicate the second coming of the Lord in the clouds or that God is bringing order to a group of people. It could also represent that God is bringing you a reminder of rest or peace.

n:In a dream, a trumpet could indicate that God is calling you a hypocrite or that war or danger is coming.

v:Numbers 10:1-7; Isaiah 27:13; Numbers 10:10; Matthew 6:2; Jeremiah 4:5)

------------------------
t:tweezers

d:Tweezers are tools used to grab small objects. They are used to remove something with accuracy and care.

p: Seeing tweezers in a dream can be symbolic of a time or deliverance and freedom in a person's life. Tweezers can also represent the circumcision of the heart by the love of God. Seeing a splinter being removed from your skin could represent victory over challenges in your life.

n:In a dream, not being able to use tweezers effectively could represent spiritual blindness in one's life or the ability to see the truth. Dreaming of broken tweezers may indicate a person being careless with the things of God.

v:Psalm 50:15; Deuteronomy 10:16; Deuteronomy 8:16; John 12:40; 2 Timothy 2:15)

------------------------
t:typewriter

d:A typewriter is a device used to type words on paper through the transfer or ink or carbon impressions onto paper. Typewriters were revolutionary during the time of their production as it made writing much easier.

p:Dreaming of a person using a typewriter could represent ancient wisdom. It could also represent the zeal of the Lord. Seeing a brand new typewriter in a dream could represent God showing you to write down your supernatural experiences and dreams/visions. Seeing several typewriters in a dream could represent a ministry that is called to publish written material for the masses.

n:Seeing a person typing slowly on a typewriter could be symbolic of a slothful spirit. Dreaming of a damaged or broken typewriter could represent a person who is not spending enough time in God's Word.

v:John 2:17; Acts 2:17; 2 Timothy 3:16; Proverbs 19:15; Mark 11:12-25; Luke 1:7)

------------------------
t:unity

d:Unity is a condition of harmony or oneness. To be united is to be in one accord. It is a symbol of strength and power.

p:Dreaming of unity could represent God's goodness and blessing. It could also represent maturity and growth. Unity with a group of people could represent a spiritually family.

n:Seeing a family or group of people arguing could represent a demonic attack on the unity of a group. Gossiping or accusing within a group could also represent a threat of destruction of unity.

v:Psalm 133:1; Ephesians 4:13; Ecclesiastes 4:9,12; Mark 3:25; Romans 16:17)

------------------------
t:valley

d:A valley is a pit or a low place in between mountains or hills. Valleys can represent a trial or a low point in life.

p:Dreaming of a valley can symbolize that God is getting ready to exalt you. Being in a valley and going up to the mountain can represent that you have passed a test. It could also represent God getting ready to bring you from the wilderness to the promised land. It could also represent hidden fruitfulness in the secret place.

n:In a dream, a valley could represent depression, Hell, pride, or haughtiness.

v:Isaiah 40:4; 1 Peter 5:6-10; Matthew 7:16,20; Psalm 91:1; Proverbs 21:4)

------------------------
t:vandalism

d:Vandalism is the willful or malicious destruction or defaceent of public or private property.

p:In a dream, vandalism could represent taking territory for God's Kingdom. It could also symbolize God preparing you for an act of war so that you are ready.

n:Dreaming of vandalism could represent having a lack of honor for someone or something. It could also represent operating in the spirit of Leviathan.

v:Matthew 11:12; Mark 3:27; Leviticus 19:15)

------------------------
t:vault

d:A vault is a locked room in a bank where treasure and things of great worth are stored.

p:Dreaming of a vault could represent the goodness of one's heart. It could also represent the throneroom of Heaven or the treasures of Heaven. A vault could represent the stored up riches of one's inheritance.

n:In a dream, a vault could represent the depths of Hell or one's evil heart. It could represent corrupt riches or worldly greed.

v:Matthew 12:35; Luke 6:45; Luke 12:34; Revelation 4:1-11; Genesis 15:1)

------------------------
t:veil

d:A veil is something that covers, separates, screens, or conceals. It is a piece of material used to cover something or someone's face.

p:Dreaming of a veil could represent modesty or a covering. Seeing a veil that is torn or lifted up may represent reconciliation or intimacy with the Lord. Removing a veil in a dream may represent removing the veil of one's heart and becoming transparent before the Lord.

n:A veil could indicate something that is hidden or concealed. It could also represent law, being without understanding, and deception. If someone removes your veil it could represent being exposed.

v:Luke 24:45; Matthew 27:51; Exodus 34:33; Hebrews 9:3; Exodus 40:21; Luke 23:45; 2 Corinthians 3:15-16; Song of Solomon 5:7)

------------------------
t:velvet

d:Velvet is a fabric of silk, cotton, or nylon.

p:Dreaming of velvet could indicate comfort, royalty, or lavishness.

n:Dreaming of dirty or damaged velvet could represent a façade, poverty, or corrupt riches.

v:Esther 1:6; Proverbs 10:4; Proverbs 28:6; Proverbs 15:27)

------------------------
t:vessel

d:A vessel is a container or earthenware that is shaped in the potter's hand. The Bible uses the metaphor that God is represented by a potter. The shaping of a vessel by the potter refers to the various trials God allows to come our way to test us and build perseverance to stand on His Word.

p:Dreaming of an empty vessel could represent that God sees you as an empty vessel that is ready to be filled with the Holy Spirit. Dreaming of a broken vessel could represent God allowing circumstances to try you so that He can reshape you.

n:Dreaming of God pouring into someone else's cup may represent God choosing someone else to fulfill a mandate because you are rebellious, untrustworthy, or disobedient in areas.

v:Song of Solomon 2:15; Proverbs 25:4; 2 Kings 4:6; Jeremiah 18:4; 2 Timothy 2:20-21)

------------------------
t:vinegar

d:Vinegar is a sour liquid with acid used as a condiment and preservative.

p:Dreaming of vinegar could represent something powerful in one's life. It could also represent preservation.

n:Dreaming of vinegar could symbolize bitterness or false hope.

v:Numbers 6:3; John 19:29-30; Psalm 69:21; Mark 15:36)

------------------------
t:violin

d:A violin is a stringed instrument usually made from wood. It is a bowed instrument that can also be plucked.

p:In a dream, a violin can represent the heart as an instrument of love. It may represent worship or making a joyful noise unto the Lord. The violin could represent the sounds of Heaven.

n:Seeing a broken violin in a dream could represent a broken heart. If a violin is dusty or broken, it could indicate a lack of worship and intimacy with God.

v:Isaiah 38:20; Psalm 144:9; Psalm 150:4)

------------------------
t:vitamins

d:Vitamins are any of a group of organic compounds which are essential for normal growth and nutrition and are required in small quantities in the diet because they cannot be synthesized by the body.

p:Dreaming of vitamins can represent that you are gaining strength in your spirit. You may be well connected to the Body of Christ. It could also represent God being the right diet in your life.

n:Dreaming of vitamins could mean that you are lacking in the spirit. It may be a sign to draw closer to God. You might be neglecting your spiritual or natural health.

v:Ephesians 4:16; 1 Corinthians 6:19; Genesis 1:29)

------------------------
t:volcano

d:A volcano is a vent in the curst of the Earth that is full of explosively violent potential.

p:Seeing a volcano in your dream could represent the power of God and His might. It may also symbolize something that is being exposed for the positive.

n:Dreaming of a volcano may also symbolize the judgment of God, a sudden reaction, or trouble that is erupting. If you see a volcano that has not erupted yet, it could represent that you've been bottling up your emotions and something is about to erupt.

v:Psalm 11:6; Psalm 104:32)

------------------------
t:wages

d:Wages are fixed regular payments, typically paid on a daily or weekly basis by an employer to an employee for their work done.

p:Dreaming of receiving wages could represent a reward from God for your good work. If you see wages in a dream, pay attention to the amount and look up the specific number. Dreaming of wages could represent how much a person values you.

n:Dreaming of wages that are negative or not being paid, it could represent a lack of prosperity in your spiritual life. Dreaming of wages not being paid could also represent mistreatment from someone in your life. It could also represent that you are not giving honor where honor is due.

v:John 4:36; Romans 6:23)

------------------------
t:wall

d:A wall is a structure used to separate rooms or used as an enclosure or barrier.

p:A wall could represent a defense or protective border. In a dream, it could also symbolize the need to have faith in God and praise Him in order for walls to fall in your life.

n:Dreaming of a wall could symbolize a limitation or obstacle of unbelief in one's life. It could represent a hindrance or blockage you must overcome.

v:Joshua 6:20; Nahum 2:5)

------------------------
t:wallet

d:A wallet is a pocket-sized, flat, folding holder for money and plastic cards. Wallets are typically seen as an item of value and can represent the heart in a dream.

p:Dreaming of a wallet may symbolize something highly valued. Dreaming of a wallet full of money could represent a heart that is full. Dreaming of a wallet could represent finances and could indicate financial blessings coming to you.

n:Dreaming of a wallet with diminishing funds could symbolically represent that you are spending your money too quickly in the natural or that you are spreading yourself too thin by taking on more than you can handle. Dreaming of someone stealing your wallet could represent the enemy trying to steal your blessings.

v:Ecclesiastes 7:12; Matthew 6:21-24)

------------------------
t:war

d:A war is an active and vigorous conflict between two groups. It is characterized by violence, destruction, and aggression.

p:Dreaming of a war could represent prayer and worship, spiritual warfare, or the final war in Heaven and Earth. If you are preparing yourself for war in a dream, it could symbolize that God is warning you and preparing you with the armor of God. It could represent victory over the enemy.

n:To dream of war could represent total destruction, death, and great ruin. If you are missing weapons or parts of your armor, it could symbolize that you are unprepared for battle. If you lose the war it could symbolize the enemy's victory in your life.

v:Revelation 12:7-17; 1 Peter 2:11; 1 Timothy 1:18; James 4:1-2; 2 Corinthians 10:3; Leviticus 1:13-19)

------------------------
t:wardrobe

d:A wardrobe is a large storage cabinet that contains the total collection of one's clothing.

p: In a dream, if you are looking to change out of your dirty clothes it could represent seeking repentance. A clean and organized wardrobe could represent the condition of one's heart.

n:Dreaming of a wardrobe that is broken and unorganized could represent the poor condition of one's heart.

v:Psalm 102:26; Matthew 9:13; Psalm 51:10; Jeremiah 187:9-10; Proverbs 17:22)

------------------------
t:warrant

d:A warrant is a document that gives authorities authorization to make an arrest or to search someone's property.

p: Dreaming of a warrant means you have been given the authority to cast out and bind a principality. It can be confirmation that you have dominion as a king in the Kingdom.

n:If you dream about someone using a warrant against you, it could indicate accusations or attacks against you. It could represent that Satan is searching for something to destroy you.

v:Matthew 20:25; Luke 9:1; Ephesians 6:12; Matthew 10:1; 1 Peter 5:8)

------------------------
t:water

d:Water is a liquid that covers most of the Earth and is used for everyday activities and necessary for human survival. In a dream, water could represent the Holy Spirit or thirsting for the things of God.

p:Dreaming of water could represent the Holy Spirit or the Word of God. It could also symbolize Jesus as the living water. Water could indicate being sustained and healing. It could represent glory manifestations, having dominion over the elements, and the Mosaic lineage. A water fountain or water well may represent the Holy Spirit or salvation.

n:In a dream, stagnant, muddy, or polluted water could represent haughtiness or the unkind spirit and doctrine of man. Troubled waters could represent worry or sorrow.

v:Ephesians 5:26; Isaiah 57:20; James 3:11-12; John 4:14)

------------------------
t:watermelon

d:A watermelon is a large fruit that is sweet and made mostly of water.

p:Seeing a watermelon in your dream may indicate a time of refreshing in one's life. The seeds could represent words while the water represents spirit and the colors green and red symbolize life and passion.

n:If the watermelon is rotten it could symbolize a hindrance to your spiritual growth or refreshing.

v:Proverbs 18:21)

------------------------
t:waterproof

d:Waterproof material is something that is made out of a material that does not absorb water, but repels it for protection.

p:Dreaming of something that is waterproof could represent God protecting you from the storms in your life. It could also represent that God has given you a gift of something that needs protection because it is of great value.

n:In a dream, something that is waterproof could represent blocking out the Spirit of God or not receiving the Holy Spirit. It could represent one's prideful nature and resistance of the love of God. Waterproof could also represent one with a harsh outer covering who needs to be broken by the Lord.

v:John 7:37-38; Psalm 91:1-2; James 4:6)

------------------------
t:wave

d:A wave is a moving ridge or swell on the surface of a body of water. In a dream, a wave could represent being overtaken by the Spirit of God.

p:Dreaming of a wave could represent a sheaf of first fruits. It could also symbolize Christ's resurrection or the resurrection of the saints of the harvest. If a wave overtakes you it could represent being overcome by the Holy Spirit or power of God.

n:If you dream that you are overtaken by a wave it could represent being lost or drowning and need to be saved by God

v:Exodus 15:4; Leviticus 7:30; Leviticus 23:11-12; 1 Corinthians 15:20,23)

------------------------
t:wheelchair

d:A wheelchair is a device used for those who can't walk or are debilitated. In a dream, a wheelchair could represent miracles of healing or that one is not walking by faith.

p:Dreaming of someone coming out of a wheelchair could represent God's healing powers or the healing ministry. If you dream of wheelchairs at a miracle crusade it could represent healing and bringing back spoils from the enemy.

n:To dream of someone bound to a wheelchair could represent that they are not walking by faith or they are dependent on man. A wheelchair could represent judgment.

v:Psalm 107:20; 1 Thessalonians 5:23-24; Jeremiah 30:17; Isaiah 57:18-19; 2 Corinthians 5:7; Hebrews 11:6)

------------------------
t:wig

d:A wig is a manufactured covering of natural or synthetic hair for the head.

p:Dreaming of a wig could indicate authority or covering. Removing a wig may indicate exposure or truth. Cutting a wig could represent cutting away of falsehood or dishonesty from one's life.

n:Since the Bible describes hair as one's glory, a wig could indicate a false glory. It could show that someone is putting on a façade or a false identity. It may indicate a false covering or false anointing. Wigs can also represent cancer, sickness, or shame.

v:Ephesians 4:25; Psalm 32:5; Matthew 23:25-28; 2 Peter 2:1; Romans 10:11)

------------------------
t:wind

d:Wind is a natural movement of air. Dreaming of wind could represent the Holy Spirit.

p:Wind in a dream could represent the Holy Spirit or having dominion over the elements.

n:Dreaming of wind might also indicate a storm or a strong demonic opposition.

v:John 3:8; Mark 4:39)

------------------------
t:window

d:A window is an opening in the wall of a building that you can see through, usually to let in light or air.

p:In a dream, a window might symbolize blessing, truth, or prophecy. It could also represent protection or a way of escape in a bad situation.

n:Dreaming of a broken or open window could represent being exposed or unguarded. A dirty window could indicate spiritual eyes being blinded.

v:Joel 2:9; Proverbs 6:7; 1 Samuel 19:12)

------------------------
t:wine

d:Wine is an alcoholic beverage made from the fermenting of grapes. Jesus' first miracle was turning water into wine.

p:Dreaming of wine could represent the Spirit, joy, happiness, truth, or revelation. Wine could symbolize miracles and dreaming of drinking wine with others could symbolize fellowship or communion.

n:Wine in a dream could indicate emotions like hate or anger. It could also represent mockery or delusion. Wine could symbolize an addiction or alcoholism.

v:Ephesians 5:18; 1 Timothy 5:23; Proverbs 20:1; Mark 14:23; Titus 2:3)

------------------------
t:wings

d:Note what kind of wings they are. If it is an animal, also look up the animal.

p:Seeing wings in a dream could represent the Holy Spirit, angels, or a prophet. Wings could represent flying or soaring in the Spirit. Wings may also symbolize shelter and protection.

n:Wings that are broken or do not work could symbolize spiritual lack. It could also represent a demon.

v:Hosea 12:13; Isaiah 40:31; Psalm 91:4; Psalm 17:8)

------------------------
t:wood

d:Wood is a substance that makes up trees and has several uses including building and making fires.

p:Dreaming of wood could represent life or the root out of dry ground. It could also represent non-decaying wood, the humanity of Christ, incorruptible wood, or the stem of Jesse.

n:Seeing wood in your dream could symbolize lust, flesh, and a temporal or carnal mindset.

v:Proverbs 26:20-21; Exodus 25:5; Isaiah 11:1-5; Jeremiah 23:5; Zechariah 6:12)

------------------------
t:wound

d:A wound is an injury that can be physical or emotional. Biblically, it could represent how Jesus was wounded for our transgressions.

p:Dreaming of examining wounds on your body could show that you are examining your heart before God. It could represent God healing your heart or a sacrifice.

n:Having a bad wound in a dream could represent the need for healing from past wounds or inner wounds. Having multiple wounds or an infection could represent a demonic attack. Wounds could represent the need for repentance.

v:Isaiah 53:5; 2 Corinthians 13:5; Matthew 20:34; Luke 10:33-34)

------------------------
